Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
I hope y'all are cooler than the bitches on r/politics. Just got banned from it for bringing up the Hunter Biden and media blackout bs.Edit: I did call anyone cheering on the censorship "bootlickers"....and apparently the snowflake Mods didnt like it.
R/conservatives, for when you are terrified of the public being able to post to your content.
Hey, I was banned from this discord. Not sure if there was a misunderstanding.... the only thing I ever talked about was about shitty public school systems and propaganda i was given as a large assignmentEdit #1 no one else in my family uses discord
>just done with liberalsI felt the same way after being in r/politics for 2 mins
We do not have the same limitations as on Reddit, so people of all political beliefs are welcome to the Discord. There are private areas only for verified conservatives as well (if you have flair here just PM a Discord moderator to get into them).
Interestingly enough,  I've been banned from a number of the major subreddits due to their fear of having opposing viewpoints
Absolutely also best flair good job
If you don't we don't have your username and as such we can't ban you. Basically you have some other issue.Try this URL: discord.gg/conservative
Proof I know you're not on the server, because it's not like that at all.
It's r/lgbt and r/arethestraightsOK for me
I am not even American, but would like to immigrate to the U.S. (legally, of course), and agree with your suggestion
Jesus that second sub is cancer. Not sure how that isn't considered hate. Even more not sure why I looked there.
Show proof or gtfo. This is the stupidest thing lefties believe. That the right (conservatives) supports genocide. You are delusional. Get help.
Hell yeah! We have been in war in the Middle East for almost my entire life. Bring 'em home!!!
Good.Its been nearly 20 years now, its time to end it
I've never seen the left turn pro-endless wars so quickly.
I can't wait to see (if he wins) Biden's excuse as to why we need to go back to Afghanistan.
The pull out method has always worked for me
I'm a lefty but if Trump does, I would be eternally grateful.
CNN; *How ending wars fuels white supremacy*
Not our country, not our problem.  We came for Bin Laden, we got Bin Laden.  Time to roll out.  Maybe help the 80,000 homeless people in California.
Good good good good good!Really curious to see how the left will try to spin it as if it's a bad thing. Pfft, they won't b/c the news won't even report it I'm sure.
What are the consequences of a US pullout of Afghanistan? What vacuum does it create and will this groundwork prevent the circumstances that put the US there in the first place?
No fan of Trump but if this is true, well done.
Funny how democrats who for 30 years have wanted this are against it all the sudden
So let me get this straight...1. We've figured out a vaccine likely 94% effective.2. Today was announced that Americans are more economically sound than they have been in decades.3. And the last 4 years have had no new wars and draw downs by the U.S. from every previous war.But... POTUS is satan spawned and if you are satisfied with the state of things, you're just as evil. Got that right?
I'm sure the war drums will start beating again once the swamp is back in the white house. If they keep us scared and mad at poor brown people in distant lands, we won't have our focus on what they're doing to us.
Why now and not 4 years ago? or 3 years ago? or 2?
This is one of two reasons I voted for Trump. These forever wars have to end. No benefit whatsoever from our presence there.
If Trump loses in court and Biden takes over. I give it less than year before those troops turn right back around and are back in Afghanistan.
Withdrawal from the Middle East (correction: and Central Asia) is definitely a good thing, but it should be remembered that a withdrawal after war without stabilizing the region sufficiently usually leads to more unrest (and is part of what started all this).
He was already trying to but the unelected generals and bureaucrats straight faced lied to him about troop levels.  that reporter thinks it is funny.
He's been trying to keep this promise for his whole term. Apparently he has been lied to by officials seeking to keep the troops there. How nothing ever happens to literal treason like this ill never know. This is the timcast episode I learned about it from:
let's discuss this, I'm leaning a bit conservative but I also don't want trump.my argument: afghanistan was and probably still is a breeding ground for terrorism, I'm all for troops leaving but the fact he wants to do it before leaving office means it's going to be rushed, rushing withdrawals is never a good thing. and if he does it, there's no going back, trying to retrieve it will cost too many lives...a withdrawal is alright, as long as it's perfectly planned
Many of the soldiers deployed there were not even alive when the towers fell.
We've been there all of mine...
Remember obamas 8 yrs ? So much conflict drone strikes etc
I'm on the left, and this is one thing I'm actually happy to see. I also liked some of the things I read in the NAFTA agreement (or whatever he rebranded it as.) Orange man definitely still bad, but I can be happy when policies I like are put in place. This isn't football, I don't care who is winning so long as what I want is being done.
I would say most people I know that are left leaning probably support this. But the same joke can be made about conservatives caring about influcenced elctions suddenly. [
When do you think conservatives will start caring about the debt and deficit or morals again?
Leftists for the past forty years: "**NO BLOOD FOR OIL!!!**"Leftists now: "Now hold on. Let's not be too hasty about withdrawal."
For sure.  Trump says a lot of things.  If he can actually do this that would be a great deed
If he does, there will be over 400 electoral red votes.
Well r/politics was literally saying it was authoritarian by putting the US at danger. basically TLDR: "hey if you remove the troops, then that will turn our allies against us and force US to go back, and by going back, we will make everyone mad and more people will die, especially when we leave"so now its authoritarian to not protect the world
I am not sure when the GOP became the party to want troop withdrawal (it sure wasn't when Obama was president), but I'm sure hoping you'll keep this perspective in future administrations.
Why did he wait until his last year in office to do this?
Honestly, if the left would've just worked with him, I'm sure some good stuff would get done. He's not as far right as the left seems to be. But the left just had to demonize him. I hope the guy gets another 4 years, but it seems bleak at this point.
Biden ends racism by sending troops back to mostly peaceful war in Afghanistan.
They're already doing it: "Trump pulls troops out of Afghanistan before peace talks finish, setting stage for resurgence of Al Qaeda."They're not wrong either. We need a peace agreement first.
Not all of us.  I'll applaud him if he actually does it.  I was disappointed when Obama did not manage it.  And I have no hopes Biden will do it.
My concern is that its so sudden. Keeping troops there for 4 years and 2 months before he's out (pending court battles blah blah blah) he decided to pull them out? This smells so fishy. How long will his plan take? Is it going to take 6 months, where the currently sitting president has to decide whether to move forward on the previous president's promise? What if the details aren't ironed out by then and the next president has to figure it out? What about the potential backlash of pulling troops out that the current president doesn't have to handle?I have no issue pulling troops out (and want it), but there are so many things that can go wrong when the man who pulls the trigger doesn't have to claim responsibility after.
But you forget, there was a virus unleashed by China and riots caused by the lockdowns that Trump was against. If he just never used twitter everything would be fine.
They've proven they're just as good at making us afraid of each other. Suddenly literally every person on the street is a potential murderer.
The US \*has\* been pulling out of not only Afghanistan but also the Middle East more broadly. Retrenchment has been a major priority under Trump, it's only natural that he'd want to see it done before he leaves officeArguably, this has been an even longer time coming, as Obama initiated the "Pivot to Asia" and middle-east withdrawal during his second term, something I think we should give him some credit for
Oh good grief. He will go down in history as objectively one of the worst presidents our nation has ever seen, if not _the_ worst. Divisive, corrupt, fear-mongering, ineffective, lazy. He is a shameful excuse of a man, a petulant, insecure bully.
There are no solutions in these situations, only tradeoffs.  There will be problems with any decision (or lack of decision) so we just have to look at the whole picture and decide if we are cool with it.
ITS BEEN ALMOST 20 FUCKING YEARS, ITS TIME TO MOVE ON.
Stability in Afghanistan is a mirage.  That area has never been stable and never will be.  The British learned that lesson 120 years ago, the Russians learned it 30 years ago, now it's our turn to learn.
What is the likelihood we can stabalize the region, regardless of how long it takes? The region has been at war for literal millenia.
Yeah. "Stabilize the region". What does that mean exactly?
I think the US should announce a willingness to pull out and put it to a vote to the country they're in? If people don't want them there, pull out. If things get messy then it's their fault? Haha. Obviously not an airtight plan but maybe the groundwork for one?
Not our problem. Time for us to stop playing world police. Let these shitholes burn to the ground under their own leaderships
Literal treason? And you reached that conclusion from listening to some Podcast?The Taliban now control 80% of Afghanistan again (area wise). Without US support, the regime in Kabul is a goner. Guaranteed. It might be over even with US support and cutting our losses might be the best way. I don't know. But I do know that that should be a decision made on the best *current* information, by those with the best expertise, not because of a Trump election promise back when he didn't receive any intelligence briefings.We can get out and see what happens. It's gonna be an Islamic state again. It will probably be a safe haven for terrorists again. It might become even worse than it was before (think nuclear weapons, for example). It definitely won't be US friendly for at least a generation. Evaluating that risk and the costs, that's something I expect my government to take responsibility for.
Same excuse is always made for a withdrawal.
> I'm all for troops leaving but the fact he wants to do it before leaving office means it's going to be rushedMy daughter was born just prior to 9/11.  She's in college now.That's how long we've been in Afghanistan - a full grown college student's worth.I don't think "rushed" is a word we can use here.
I still remember being woke up and told to stand to. We were brought into the rec room with the TV on the news, middle of the night in Okinawa, and most of us initially thought it was just a movie someone had on...
Obama/Clinton/ France's "Humanitarian intervention" into Libya which destroyed the most stable, educated, and healthy country in Africa and replaced it with extremism, civil war, and slavery. Obama didn't ever care for a minute about Libyans.
Every sane human being supports this
Doubt it. Media will paint this differently
That's what we said about the left running a demented pedophile, yet Biden is still winning as of now.It's amazing how far the "greedy evil republican" narrative has been driven over the decades that they'd knowingly elect someone like Biden just so that they wouldn't have that R vote attached to their conscience.
I *will* blame Biden for energy costs skyrocketing because at the same time, he's going to end fracking.Fracking, one of the best ways for us to get off the middle east oil dependency and cut off cash flow to terrorist cells. But no, let's keep buying oil from people who throw gays off of roofs and put women in bee keeper costumes. Let's keep buying oil with the blood and bodies of our own children.There's people in the armed forces, fighting over there, who weren't even *born* when 9/11 happened. Why are we still there?
I can kinda sorta see a benefit to squashing stuff as it pops up before it turns into a bigger problem (ISIS) but there are people in Afghanistan that weren't even alive in 2001. No more long draw out conflicts, the military should only be engaged with a clear victory condition and then it should be unleashed at it's full capacity, no holds barred. If it's not bad enough to do that, it's not bad enough to get involved.
For reals. I mean, I'm fairly liberal, but fuck, isn't this what we wanted? An end to the endless wars? Sign me up.
He had the Senate for 4 years, what difference would that have made.  He's a moron.
how is he refusing democracy?  genuinely curious.
I didnt know going to court for a case of voter fraud is being an authoritarian dictator
Not even. Biden voters have nothing but disdain for people of color that vote Republican or lean right. Racial equality only matters when their brown/black skin pets are on their side. People on the left and even some losers on our side didnt vote for Trump because of his "abrasive personality." Dumbest thing ever. This is coming from a person of color btw.
You mean like every Trump supporter is a Nazi and every Democrat is a violent Marxist?
Didn't Obama's administration oversee drawdowns on a massive scale?
Exactly. Cut your losses and get out.
America should never have been the driving force behind stabilizing a country across the entire world from us. We are not the world's policemen. If the UN or nations directly close to the region want to get involved, let them, but there is no reason for America to have troops stationed in the Middle East and Central Asia to stabilize a country. If their destabilization is such an issue, you would expect the nations directly bordering it would be doing more to be involved in the matter.
Full agreement. Afghanistan has been a hellhole of tribal warfare since Alexander the Great, apart from maybe 10-20 years before the Soviet invasion.
The only way to stabilize it would be to go full Temujin, which modern civilized people aren't willing to do, so the smart move would be to cut our losses.
Zero. A Muslim nation is never going to accept a Western nation as a stabilizing factor. People don't seem willing to understand that Islam is both a religion AND a form of government. There is no separation between the two in their cultures. The only two truly permanent outcomes are either we completely isolate them from the international stage so they can't take others down with them during their gang wars or we glass the whole region. Neither of those is going to happen in a modern media driven globalist western society.
Spend American lives and tax dollars to enrich the military industrial complex, their lobbyists, and their pet congresscreatures.
But if they want us to stay, are we obligated to stay there forever? At some point, we have to leave. We did our best to train up a police and military force for them to deal with their own issues. I don't know what else we can do.Edit: Sorry to all the ladies and gentlemen commenting on this. If you don't have flair, I can only see it for a fleeting second!
Except it very much is NOT his fault in this instance and IS someone else's fault. Or are you just choosing to ignore that?
You think terrorists give a shit about peace agreements? As long as the people in those areas dont want to govern themselves, it's going to be the same shithole its been for a couple hundred years. Pull them all out now it's a total waste of life and time.
Rah.I was watching freaking The Good, The Bad, and the Ugly when they grabbed us up.
Sounds like the same strategy the DNC is using with BLM riots, but on a larger and more deadly scale. Why do they think black people benefit from having their communities destroyed?
Oh you mean this investigation? 
There is a reason we have bases in Germany and Japan still...
> Honestly, if the left would've just worked with him, I'm sure some good stuff would get done.It's funny you say that. The people on the left say exactly the same thing about the 8 years with Obama - if the right would have just worked with him, some good stuff would have gotten done.The fact is, the divide between the two parties is almost insurmountably large right now. Our representatives are taking an all-or-nothing approach, absolutely unwilling to compromise. This isn't the fault of only the left or only the right, though I would argue that is the right that is being more obstinate than the left.
Yeah, nothing quite like the centrist policy of banning Muslims from entering the country and proposing cuts for Meals on Wheels! He's basically Susan Collins!
Wrong order, al qaeda started because we had to fund and equip the Mujahideen just because they were anti-communist despite the fact the experts in the US government knew that they were radicals who want to establish a global caliphate.
I mean yeah, Orange Man Bad was the actual number one reason, but the pollsters have racial inequality listed first.
Every maskless person and anyone who shakes hands wants to kill grandma. Unless they're rioting for BLM in which case they're immune.
We allow its more stable neighbors to do their job.  Russia and Pakistan are stabilizing factors.  While Russia will look for economic development and transport of resources, Pakistan's best interest is a quiet Afghanistan so it can focus its attention on India.Its been made perfectly clear that our presence is destabilizing, a rallying point for islamic terror, we only enflame tensions.  Allow their neighbors to put a lid on it.  Russian investment and ISI's counterterrorism efforts can give everyone what they want - the US permanently out of a quagmire, the only justification was buried at sea a long time ago, Russia gets its pipelines and the ISI gets political control.  Its far from perfect, but nothing in that region is.
His clear mental decline and him sniffing kids and making women around him uncomfortable.
The main losers in all this will be the Khurds who will be completely slaughtered. I don't trust Russia to have any sort of positive influence in the region considering their track record in Afghanistan and Syria more recently. People are going to die no matter what happens there. There isn't an easy answer but American boots on the ground certainly aren't helping! We just need to come down hard on Russia, Iran, or Syria when they inevitably step in and start stirring up tensions again.
Don't need to watch Alex Jones to see his gafs, glazed over eyes, and groping children.
US troops cost Germany about 100 Million Euros per year, but that is only a fraction of the total costs.The reason why Germany wants to keep the US bases is because they are an important economical part of those regions that they are in.
The EU block is heavily against Trump, he is on "War" with China, so what's left is Putin? I mean maybe i miss something, but i think Trump has not done a lot of good with US allies. What's your opinion on this one?
Do you have a source saying that? This is the first I've heard of that.
Yeah ill talk to you in 2 months buddy lmfao
The terror groups are their because of US intervention. Just leaving and securing the US border is all that is necessary to do.
Haha exactly, I'm subbed to politics and Conservative as well. I now hate both parties vehemently. Shows you how much, even when aware of it, media does have an influence on you.
Also this is the only place in Germany that has Taco Bell.
And that has been our main issue in the region. Especially in Afghanistan, there is almost no national unity. They are one nation only because of lines arbitrarily drawn on a map. The tribes (could be a more correct term, but I'm not sure what it would be) within the nation couldn't care less about their nation as a whole and just want to be left alone. It makes it extremely difficult to have diplomatic talks with such a fragmented group.In the end, some of those countries probably should be allowed to break up according to their various cultures. This would hurt them on the global scale as they split, but it would most likely lead to much more stability as then they could rally together.
There's a lot of clear reasons why America has to have bases around the world. It has to do with sovereignty and protecting America's allies. I.e. if China decides to re-take Taiwan and America can't protect it, it'll be a humongous failure and probably the tipping point as China becoming the world's leader. I highly suggest you read Ray Dalio's new book about international relations and economics. It describes the current escalated tensions with China and how America is losing its grip as the world's leader.
So why tariff the fuck out of all your friends? You know the trade deficit with China has gone up right? The only solution is a trade embargos and the like.
Seeing as those are the centers of power, that's why they get top billing.
The difference is China will just stake a claim on all their natural resources and have no qualms about killing anyone that approaches. Life is cheaper for China than almost any other nation in history. Good luck getting the international community to step in! We see how that is currently going with the genocide of Muslims and Hong Kong.
Each person that compares Trump to Hitler and Trump voters to Nazis either had no HS history teacher worth a shit or is a troll.
Is CNN uneducated about what the Holocaust is?  This is very disrespectful to the Holocaust victims, survivors, and  their descendants.
I know tons of Jewish conservatives. They hate being called Nazi's. Go figure
Make no mistake, the left are racist as hell
I'm sure CNN will just ignore it
The ADL is also supposed to be condemning these types of false equivalencies, have they done so yet?
i was just called a nazi on r/themueller for pointing out that obama rose our national debt by 12 trillion dollars in 5 years, which was a huge jump. &#x200B;i was accused of being a trump supporter, called a sig heiling supporter, and yada yada yada, i really couldnt read all the insanity. &#x200B;i voted howie hawkins. i voted my BELIEFS. i believed in howie, and i still do. but to them, if im not rank-file democrat im a nazi trump supporter.&#x200B;theyre completely unhinged. its ludicrous. at least here in r/conservative all i have to worry about is a comment change of people eating the onion on a satire post... on r/politics and r/themueller they line up to suckle at the teat of disinformation and TRUE facism. &#x200B;bu-bu-but facism can only happen in right wing politics!
The left is just full of Holocaust deniers.Change my mind.
Or they are just delusional, which seems like the most likely option
I would go one step further. German national, born and bred here. I have come to this, expecting there to be masses of holocaust deniers, and other things like wehraboos. IN the beginning, naked curiosity drove me. Now, I have studied the right wing very long and very hard, but I have not seen a single inch of this. In fact, I have seen a bit of a backwards mass, making the first steps to become more cosmopolitan. I have seen people taking honest steps to better themselves. However, on the left, I have seen a gradual weakening of NAZI, that is celebrated. Not only is there a blanket refusal to use the proper word, NEO nazi ( because what passes these days as a neo nazi would have been classified as mentally deficcient in 1940 germany, and "purged"), but also a big part of a disdain for jewish life. Personally, I think the two are linked. You can not weaken up the label of NAZI, without justifying and praising the actions of the german government in 1940. "the holocaust was not an incomparable act of cruelty, look everybody, a president elect was just as bad. "Also, short history quiz, the winner can have a fizzy drink on me. A group of fringe radicals, riled up by comspiracy grade theories about hidden priviledge of certain members of society, goes into inner cities, beats up people, and "tries to shut it down". They are very loud, love fighting with the police, whom they view as inherently directed buy this priviledged group, and their main gripe does not exist, it is a laundry list of gripes, and all of them sum up to "untill the whole system changes, we will not go away. " Later on, everyone who participated kind of goes, well, we were there to protest peacefully, it was certain people who wore masks and such, did some shit, and then very quickly ran away. OH, and most of the businesses in the city mysteriously catch fire, and are left to burn. IF you answered "that sounds like the kenosha riots, or the saint paul riots, or the portland riots, or any of the riots taking place there", really? I said HISTORY....Look up what a Reichsprogromnacht is. And coincidentially, the anger was also against the percieved 1 %, that all had very easily identifiable characteristics, and anyone who wanted to protect them also landed on the chopping block. As they say, once you have an other, the first step is easy to do. Very interresting how history repeats itself.
There is zero resemblance to Hitler...
I'm sorry, I must have missed the part where Trump went to prison, wrote Mein Kampf, started a Nazi party, then seized power. Guess I also fell asleep when he then took control of the people through banning firearms, socialized health care, media propaganda, and gassing Jewish families. You see only what you want to see, through tinted glasses. Now be a good lad and march to the beat that the big tech corporations tell you too.
By that definition Obama is hitler too. Biden will be as well.
The left showing their true colors once again
You sound exactly like a nazi.
Antifa doesn't exist, it's just an idea.If Antifa does exist, they're just unorganized, leaderless groups.Antifa protestors aren't violent, they're just protesting,  and we have studies showing they were 93% peaceful. Disregard the 7% that was responsible for thousands of injuries, dozens of deaths, and several billion in property damage.Antifa isn't violent, but if they are then it was the cops or Proud Boys who instigated it.If Antifa *did* happen to start violence, it wasn't actually Antifa, it was white supremacists LARPing as Antifa.Should any of the above be provably false, then it isn't wrong because they're doing it for the right reasons, and if you argue against, you're the fascist.We're in the middle of gas lighting campaign, and it's working too well.
Just because the concept of illegal immigrants being kept in cages is new to you does not mean it's new to the United States. You can be proudly ignorant of that or learn something today. Your choice.
And used, don't forget that part...
Oh I fully agree with you now. My entire point was if you're going to call Trump, Hitler for this. Make sure you do the same for Obama and Biden. You're clearly not willing to have a conversation in good faith. You really devolve into name calling that fast? Woof. This is the end of my replies. Bye now.
Imagine being one of these antifa or blm soylents and you try to sucker punch someone and it turns out to be Jorge Masvidal hahaOne way ticket to a mandatory street napEdit: wow thanks for the awards, I was just saying what I thought, glad you all got a chuckle out of it haha.
A true Latino. Proud of Miami
Gamebred just baptizing Antifa pussies in the street.
"Guy who trains to beat people up for a living wants to beat people up pro bono."
I'd feel safe af with Masvidal keeping the peace
Street Jesus looking to baptize some Antifa pussies.  I welcome those actions and only hope a camera will be around when it happens.
I would love to see videos of Masvidal beating down some leftist cowards
"Mandatory street nap" LOLLLL I have nothing. Hilarious.
My favorite is when Jon Jones confronted some BLM gremlins that were spray-painting and made them give him their can. They must have known who he was because they showed zero resistance.
Pleaaaaaase!!! I would pay good money to see Jorge  deliver an ass kicking to every single one of these radicals.
Best part is Jorge does not look super intimidating. Antifa thugs would not think twice about fucking with him.
Imagine being in Antifa and thinking you can beat anyone in a fight
Fuck off racist. No joke look at his comment history of racism
I cannot wait till I get to use this phrase
Go back to r/politics you fucking donkey
Shot in the dark here, but what medications are you on for mental illness?
Trump vs Soleimani (you might know him as the "austere religious scholar"), Trump vs Black Unemployment, Trump vs American Jobs, Trump vs Middle Eastern Peace, Trump vs Tax Cuts, Trump vs Weak Military, Trump vs Paris Accords, Trump vs Highest Corporate Tax Rate, Trump vs Criminal Justice Reform, Trump vs Black and Hispanic Poverty, Trump vs Russia and Saudi Oil Production (we are now #1), Trump vs TPP, Trump vs COVID Vaccine...All those Super Bowls.
I just looked at it, he's full of hate.
Something tells me Jorge doesn't see things as you do.. You should look into his past and his beliefs. He escaped communism and almost died doing it at 13 years old. That kind of thing has a big impact on a person. Unlike the privileged kids out larping in all black outfits sneak attacking random people.
Everyone should hate leftist ideology....except Stalin, Mao lovers. People who vote democrat have no idea what they are actually voting for, they just FEEL like its the right thing.
The fuck does being a conservative have to do with incest lmao
Imagine being this clown and thinking you "know conservatives" lmao.
I think that was a Freudian slip. Dude wants to bang his sister. Pretty fucking gross, but hey, don't kink shame.
The pokemon generation. Believes in the msm. Thinks he's fighting a war on reddit.
Mom is so proud of her little "freedom fighter"..... Hahahahahah
Pro-tip: when you actually understand someone and repeat back what you believe they think, they agree with you.
Sounds like something a low-T soyboy would say.
Everyone in rpolitics is special forces.
lol, just wait until he see's what America media has done to legitimize Communism
"Man who lives in glass house throws stone."America didn't let all those refugees into France.
France: *lets violent Jihadist terrorists in*Terrorists: *kill French people... violently*France: How could the US do this?!
Sounds about the same how MSM legitimizes the 'peaceful' protesters here in the states.
Well, he is correct.  Who makes money from violence, Racism, social decay?  The media.
The truth is President Macron is correct here. We live in a world where the French do more to uphold and are more committed to the basic tenets of decency and morality than the likes of the New York Times or Washington Post. It is not conservative-allied media that are calling them racists
Heh, yeah, & just wait till the press gets bored with *domestic* stuff cause no Trump.  (Course, Mitch better do some meditating)
Well Biden wants to bring in 125k a year up 800 percent
Buy some land in a remote part of the US ( montana, wyoming, western slope of colorado,) and watch the madness unfold is about all you could do at that point.
Nah. Just have to ride out the tough 4 years. If we control the senate, the damage Biden/Kamala will do is much more limited.
Where's the Supreme Court when ya need 'em?
Give them some time. First thing the GOP needs to do, is sue him in a conservstive courtinside an area with a conservative circuit court, who will slap a nationwide injunction on Biden. Then when it get to SCOTUS in a few years, they can confirm it.
Looks like a case of the Knockout Game to me.
It takes someone famous for someone to be arrested, but if you're an average Joe walking to your hotel and being redirected into the vicious mob, you don't even get a second thought.
WHO THE FUCK ASSAULTS RICK MORANIS?
If there was one thing that would actually unite the country it would be this.
Welp I'm glad the guy was arrested but [there is much more]( where that came from.
Most important part of the article:> When he was discharged from hospital, Rick went to a local police station to report the alleged assault.He didn't kneel, he didn't apologize for being white, he pressed charges.
I commend him for concentrating on raising his kids, but why the F in NYC? Oh wait, wasn't Giuliani the mayor then...
Knockout game is usually played with a group of jogging enthusiasts, this looks to just be a lone pyschopath.
What does this have to do with conservative politics/policies?
Well, to be fair he did this to another couple and got arrested for it. He's a violent offender with 5 felonies and 12 arrests, he shouldn't have been released for the violent crimes he committed before the Moranis incident.
God I hate the media.  The attack wasn't alleged - it was documented.  The identity of the attacker is alleged, not the attack itself.  Did these fucking morons finish middle school before becoming journalists?  Can they understand the words they write?
I'm all for Moranis being strong and pressing charges. But what the fuck does it have to with him being white?
Doubtful but the guy has had a tough life dealing with his wife die of cancer.
It is a post-riot phenomenon and a so-called "hate crime" that is not being addressed. Whites are being assaulted in this way in multiple instances which have been caught on tape. Who knows how many there have actually been. They receive little press and there is no will, or outrage, to prosecute - just like all of the other no-bail/no-jail crimes being ignored that rioters committed. The reason this got coverage is because he's a celebrity. Law and order is a conservative position, especially not "defunding" police or disregarding crimes committed due to the race of the perpetrator.
Well they care when white people kill black people - as we know that never happens the other direction
Agreed. The alleged attacker.Not the alleged attack or alleged assauly.
"Alleged" is the media's CYA word so they can't get sued.  Particularly if it comes out that there was a hoax/coverup surrounding whatever news piece they were covering.
It's alleged because he has not been found guilty. It is an important word to make that distinction. Maybe Moranis paid him to punch him in the face because it's some kind of weird sexual fetish. Likely? Hell no, but Americans should ALWAYS assume someone is innocent until proven guilty.
The guy who did it was black, so somehow that's related to BLM and whatnot
Agreed, we should use a term politicians would use.Like "super predator."
Usually done by blacks to whites.There is no denying that aspect.
Also it's a black thing.  Not to say that people from all races don't play but it originated in the black community.
ODDS:1 in 20 - A black person will be killed by another black person.1 in 40,000  - A black person will be killed by a police officer acting lawfully and with good reason.1 in 40,000,000 - A black person will be killed by a police officer acting unlawfully and with excessive force. Which one of these things are the most impactful to the leftists that perpetuate the narrative that all police are bad and that they are all indiscriminately killing 'mostly peaceful' black folks?It's exceptionally easy to see that police are vilified in this country, by people who would cry foul if they left their neighborhoods. The problem that black people have is exactly the same problem that poor densely packed white trailer parks have. Poverty and Crime go hand in hand, especially when the parents are not there. I don't understand why they don't understand, but I think it has a lot to do with being/playing the victim. The victim is always blameless.
And the correct term for the POS who got arrested is "alleged assaulter".  Saying alleged assault would make it appear that it was uncertain if an assault took place.  There is no uncertainty whatsoever that the assault happened, but the writer said "alleged assault".  The assault was documented on video.  The victim is confirmed as Rick Moranis.  The only thing that remains alleged is the identity of the attacker. Sometimes an attack can be alleged, like Juicy Smollet alleged.
I think you got lost on your way to /r/politics. Let's see if we can help you find your way back.
That's not a uniquely black thing. There are people of all colors who attack others simply because their skin hue doesn't match. Why would Moranis skin color have anything to do with his decision to press charges?
U can catch attempted murder charges for it
Sometimes they call it "polar bear hunting".Straight up racist attacks on innocent people because of the color of their skin. many times these cowards only do it to the elderly/frail.
I am not saying antifa. When did I say antifa? He *is* a piece of shit. I am sorry you are not familiar wit the news, but I am not making this up, I am answering your question.
Weren't you ever taught "Two Wrongs Don't Make It Right" by your father....oops guess not.
>violence by policeYou mean police defending themselves from violent criminals who resist arrest.
Yes, 'protesting' extremely rare unjustified violence by police by attacking conservatives all over the country makes perfect sense.          I'd be curious what you think of this video of a woman and young girl screaming and fleeting the protestors in DC Saturday night while they scream obscenities at them, throw shit at them, and grab them. Seriously watch the video and tell me what you think? It's fine right?       
Random violence: okay.Police doing their job: riot!
Obama is super concerned about his legacy. He might become one of the few presidents who becomes less popular after his presidency. Obviously conservatives are not exactly enamored by him, and the communists feel like he didn't go far enough.It's a reflection that neoliberalism as a philosophy is losing popularity.
Does this moron hear the things he says?
At least trump donates his entire presidential salary each year to charity.
Does Obama ever just shut up? This guy talks so much for someone who supposedly is the classy, take the high road type of guy.
Isn't it interesting how socialists are so keen on giving away or deriding other people's money, but not their own?
As a foreigner I'm gonna tell you all the average guy knows about Obama in a country like Argentina.1. He's black.2. He won the Noble peace prize for bombing the middle-east.3. Did I already mention he's black?
Dude his legacy will be Woodrow Wilson bad eventually
I think he's super bitter about his almost complete **lack** of a legacy. Trump systematically  unwound his "achievements" because they were implemented via executive orders (or the like). That's Obama's fault for being utterly ineffectual in his ability to work with Congress to get these implemented. His job was to convince them they were good for the country and he failed miserably in that regard. Thank heavens for small mercies there.So now he's lashing out. And in the process of whining he's reminding us of why we thought he was weak and thin skinned in the first place.
20 years from now he will go down as the worst president. 20 years from now, Trump may become the most popular president.
Does anyone, really? I watched the 60 minutes last night and listened to Obummer for 8 years. He rarely actually says anything. Word salad. Word vomit. Very little of substance. Trump lives rent free in Obummers head. He never talks about his administration, just garbles things about Trump that make no sense
The issue is *how* the money was made, not that it was made.Trump was very wealthy before stepping into office.  Obama was not until he was in office, and after.
Uh I dont believe that at all. Obama is in a unique position where he doesn't need to have accomplished anything to be popular. Millenials worship him at his feet. I think 200 years from now historians will realize Trump was right and Obama was bad, but in our lifetime, Obama will remain a popular president unfortunately. Look at Jimmy Carter, he was a joke of a president but people still love him.
> At least Biden feels like an American.What does that even mean? He said that there are probably 10% - 15% of the country is bad people in an interview. > Actively facilitate division."You ain't black.", he called Trump supporters "chumps", "Antifa is just an idea."> At least he's civil. He said that he would beat up President Trump. He called someone who challenged his positions a "lying dog-faced pony soldier". > History will acknowledge that the illiterate, willfully ignorant, hateful human being that is currently in office is one of the most disappointing and disgusting stains on the pages of American history.So you would put Biden in office (apparently old Joe is running for Senate) just because you don't like the way Trump talks. With the examples I provided, talk about hypocrisy...
I never understood why people say Obama is charming and charismatic.Go back and watch some of the debates between him and Romney. I don't like Romney either, but Obama was a condescending asshole who spoke like an old-school politician. "You know what an aircraft carrier is? It's a boat that carries airplanes." What I mean by politician-speak is that he would say whatever he wanted, some verifiably flat-out lies, and would say direct opposites of points that he had made previously. He basically said whatever would suit him at that particular time to help him earn favor with people who have bad memory.Come to think of it, it sounds like Joe took a lot of notes.
And his public tax returns showed 9 Million his first year in office.  Somehow he made 4.5X his net worth in one year with a salary of 400k?Amazing!
No he isn't. I'm from Germany and left leaning but everyone I know thinks it was utterly ridiculous to award him with a Nobel peace prize. The media here dragged him too
I think you are conflating two different things.  As a very conservative person, I think Jimmy Carter was maybe the worst President in the last 50 years.  But, I also believe he was the most virtuous and best person to hold that office in the same period.  I think it is clear that being a moral person, even being a great "person" has very little bearing on success in the office.  My take is most liberals view Obama as that type of person, even as it will become more and more clear in the future, that his Presidency was actually awful.
People like Jimmy Carter because he's a genuinely good man. People also recognize that he was a terrible president. You don't have to like them as president to like them as a person.
This happens with every single president.
Pfizer punching the air right now
Funny how Trump said the vaccine would be ready around election time and nobody believed him, now we have 2 vaccines
"We never actually went warp speed, fake news."
**COVID**: 99.996% survival rate**Libs and Tankies**: ohm no deadliest virus in history, that 0.004% could be you, stay home, shut down the economy, obliterate your life, orange man bad, comply, comply, comply.**Vaccine**: 94.5% effectiveness**Libs and Tankies**: Oh no it's not safe enough we can never be too sure, better lock down for the rest of our lives just in case.Clown world.
I'm not an anti vaxxer but I want to see some good research put into the side effects of this. Any vaccine developed this quickly is bound to have an issue or two. Not that it will be a huge deal provided they are documented
mRNA vaccines are weird to me. There has never been one that made it to market and I know many people in my old department that will refuse to get it due to long term safety concerns. Just a point of reference, these are all people who have a PhD in the field of microbiology who specialized in virology.Edit: guess I should say this, if you are high risk or around someone that is high risk. Get the damn vaccine.
It isn't ready though, you're looking at months til it goes out and then it's still a two-dose vaccine that will need some time in-between.
To be clear, neither of these vaccines is actually ready. They haven't even applied for FDA approval yet and they can't for a few more weeks. We are likely looking at several months before approval and distribution is possible.That being said, based in my experience in healthcare I imagine that both companies are probably already ramping up production in anticipation of FDA approval.
>Funny how Trump said the vaccine would be ready around election time and nobody believed himWow what a shock. Even after he was totally right about the pandemic blowing over by Easter? Must be TDS...
Funny how he also claimed to have paid for and developed them himself.  He didn't.
I'll probably take it after a decent number of people took it with no adverse effects beyond some minor symptoms the night of receiving vaccination, but I also definitely won't be first in that line.
Hi, I lived in two covid hotspots so far during the pandemic and was a healthcare worker, now med student.The problem is not necessarily death rates. It's hospitalization rates.A lot of people with covid end up occupying lots of hospital space and put a lot of strain on our medical systems. This is a problem because it can incapacitate or kill our medical workers, but also when hospitals are full, we will have problems taking care of actual emergencies like heart attacks, strokes, car accidents, gunshot wounds, and so on.Also consider that even if a hospital has beds available, we don't necessarily have the staff to take care of them.Near my hometown in Idaho, our Sun Valley medical center had to completely shut down due to overwhelming number of cases for our staff and for the community.Over the past few months, we've seen this in places from New York, Florida, Texas, and Wisconsin where capacity gets too high to manage patients as best as possible. Then people who DON'T have covid end up passing away due to overwhelmed EDs.I recommend you check out r/medicine. There are lots of stories from full doctors and nurses about how they've been impacted by the pandemic.
Can you show me the data that shows 99.996% survival rate? I'm actually curious
If 0.004% survival rate is true and there are 300 million in the US, if everyone got covid, then there would be 12,000 deaths. I'm seeing 250k deaths with 12 million cases. So what gives?
> COVID: 99.996% survival rateSource?[Johns Hopkins]( seems to have the CFR (case fatality ratio) at 2.2% for the US. That means out of every 100 people diagnosed with Covid-19, just over 2 people die from it.I have no idea how you imagine the survival rate being 99.996% given the amount of deaths in the US. Even if you take the entire population against the deaths so far (246000/328000000=0.00075 or 0.075%), the survival rate is _clearly_ worse than what you claim.
Clown comment. 1. Death rate is still pretty bad when hundreds of millions will end up being infected. This has killed more americans than entire wars. People don't need to be in the military to be upset about their passing. 2. Just cause a vaccine has been able to be tested doesn't mean it's safe for the general public. They're prioritizing covid vaccines and pushing them through the steps as fast as possible, but it'll probably be about another year before the public has access. Sorry the lockdowns are inconvenient, but it's the only way to save lives at the moment
You don't want your cells invaded by mRNA to reprogram them to produce the COVID spike proteins so your immune system can detect it?
> Whatever happens to the rest of the 29,905 people who careswell its going to matter as far as getting it approved lol
A vaccine for something that has a 99.9% survival rate is what gets me. They pumped this thing out in a massive hurry and with how they handled Covid in general, I don't trust it. A high infection rate and a low mortality rate is actually a good thing, but all these people care about is numbers, and they're being dishonest about the danger of this virus for political reasons, so why would I trust them with a vaccine? My biggest worry is that my employer will require it.
Fun fact: Most of the people who worked on this mRNA vaccine specialized as cancer biologists. They got the idea after trying to develop a similar vaccine for cancerMight freak out people more but as a biologist myself I understand the science behind it and think it's pretty cool.
I understand that there's no way to have performed Phase 4 analysis (which is the last step in the FDA process of monitoring efficacy and safety of a drug that occurs after a drug reaches the market) because there is no way that analysis can be performed at this point, but I'm not really sure what the hang-up is for people that should understand how an mRNA vaccine works. It transports a piece of mRNA into cells using small lipid droplets, and the cells can then express a viral epitope on their surface using molecules called major histocompatibility complexes (MHCs), which are also known as human leukocyte antigens (HLAs). This allows the immune system to recognize the viral protein and determine how to destroy it. Every cell in your body has these MHC molecules (MHC class I), and some have specialized molecules (MHC class II). This is the basis for immune cell-mediated responses for any intracellular pathogen like viruses in the clearance of an infection. Without the actual genome of the virus being replicated, but rather just a piece of mRNA that encodes the sequence for the SARS-CoV2 spike glycoprotein, it would be far safer to get the vaccine than it would be to contract the actual virus, especially in more vulnerable cohorts.It's just using your body's own machinery to learn how to attack a piece of the virus that is harmless on its own but crucial to the entry of the virus into cells where it can replicate. I'm not really understanding why some people are having such an issue with it when these same people are perfectly fine with other vaccines. I think anti-vaxxers are crazy, but I can at least understand why someone who is anti-vaccine would also be against receiving a coronavirus vaccine. I can't really wrap my head around why people who aren't anti-vax have so much skepticism over the potential dangers of this vaccine, especially when no serious acute-phase side effects have been reported.Edit: And I think that most mRNA vaccines have failed because it's hard to figure out a way to bypass cells' nucleases, which are enzymes that destroy foreign genetic material. If your cells detect foreign genetic material (either RNA or DNA), then these nucleases chop up that genetic material. I'm guessing with a nearly 95% efficacy, that these scientists have discovered a way to bypass these nucleases. My best guess on how they're doing that is via the lipid nanoparticles that can shield the mRNA sequence from the host cells' nucleases.
The thing is, it's also an easier vaccine to distribute and doesn't require as low temperatures as the other one.
I pre ordered  a PS5 and I'm taking full credit for its creation
Hey now, he never said which Easter.
Yep, this right here is exactly what I try telling people. Covid-19, **when treated** has a very high survival rate. The issue is, a lot of people that are being hospitalized might need some high % O2 or just monitoring in order to get through it. What is currently happened in El Paso and other parts of the country, is these minor hospitalizations are being turned away due to lack of staff or beds. These hospitals being at 100% capicty are basically sending people to their **deaths** by denying them treatment. It is not their faults, it is our faults for not wearing masks and following **current** CDC guidelines. Since day one of the pandemic, the goal was to flatten the curve. Somewhere along the line of the last couple of weeks, people stopped trying and now more people are dying.
Parent got confused -- it's 99.6% (which is the same as .996 -- probably the source of the confusion).If it were 99.996%, we'd have only 15,000 deaths even if the whole country were infected.
Op is just making shit up and people are like: yEaH sOuNs gOoD tO me DuMB LibTarDs DoNt GEt MaTH. Number is 99.6. Now people on this sub are gonna think that 99.996 is the right number and tell all their buddies and this is how misinformation gets spread.
They get their numbers from Trump , which he just picks from his head.  Look at people on here arguing with the doctor who explains this very carefully with facts and only facts.   People really need to do their research from medical publications.   Stop making this a left vs right.   The cost of covid in lives both dead and living is tremendous. For most it seems like hey it's not affected me or can't be that bad. WRONG!!  this virus is destroying millions and millions of lives and soon will destroy millions more.   Stop, please stop politicizing this and take this seriously.  Stop listening to Trump. PS Thank you to all you medical professionals and I'm so sorry that society cares so little for what you need to endure.
So when you 'did a little research', you didn't realise that the figure is more like 99.6 not 99.996?... maybe work on your research skills. You and everyone that updated you are complete clowns.
Please don't say that the virus has as 99.9% survival rate, that's an obvious misstatement. The case fatality rate is 2.2% in the U.S. ( While if untested individuals do skew that lower you are making it sound like there would be 250K deaths if 250 Million Americans were infected, where if reported CFR held it would be 5.5 Million Deaths.
You just destroyed this lib with facts and logic
That's a super high hospitalization rate. Especially in places with few hospital beds. Especially when most beds are already taken by other things. Boise had several days of 95%+ capacity BEFORE covid. It got so much worse during. I think we had a 400 bed facility but a population of over 200k, not including nearby cities. 0.2% hospitalization rate will put us out of business.We didn't mix covid and non covid patients, which meant we needed double staff. A lot of which couldn't work due to exposure. I'm not saying we let trauma victims die. I'm saying we had 1 nurse for 5 patients rather than the typical 1 nurse for 2-3. If you've ever been a nurse, you know that sucks. If you're a patient, you don't feel safe (rightly so).You acknowledge that there's a staff shortage, good.Exactly, lots of things can overwhelm our medical system. Why make it harder on them? We need all the help we can get.And yes, docs and nurses love telling horror stories. That does not invalidate their problems. Burnout is real. Covid is not helping.
So then just say it. You're a selfish human and don't care about your countrymen. I just had covid, but I'm fine because I'm 26 and healthy. I locked myself away for two weeks to protect my community. I'll continue to avoid public spaces and gatherings because I care about my community. This isn't about you, or me, or any individual. Its about the safety of all americans.
*Under 65 its 99.65%. [Source ]( 0.005% mortality you're referring to was done by a Standford professor whose work is not peer reviewed and assumed that a big chunk of the population was already infected but had no idea.But again I had asked for the death rate of the **general** populace(which is reported to be .66~3.5%) from COVID-19 and not cherrypicked age groups or only healthy adults. Even then it dosent come anywhere near to 99.995% which OP mentioned.
You do realize mRNA is made in your body at every millisecond?It is an important precursor for various things from cell growth, cell division, protein formation and much more!!
Why are heavy metals a concern to you? Are you aware that those metals exist in higher levels in the food you eat every day? And what does flu efficiency have to do with this vaccine? Data shows that the vaccines we have for coronavirus right now are over 90% efficient.
What I took out of that rant...>So yeah,  i'm fucking selfish
aussie here. my state went from hundreds of cases a day to zero deaths and new infections for 17 days in a row.it works man. put a mask on.
You can say with great certainty that there deaths were definitely someone else's fault?  Did your family members choose to interact with others?  Did they go out in public?  Did they do these things knowing full well the risk?And even if you take every precaution,  how far are you willing to allow government overreach to go for something that carries less risk than driving to work?None of our rights,  nor their protections under the constitution, have any clause about restrictions due to a virus.
Imagine the backlash if a GOP congressman called one of Ilhan's speeches an "ISIS rally".
Nah, those were the democrats at Klan rallies. She was still living it up in Somalia back then though, so I can understand her confusion.
coming from a terrorist... she trying to make Somalia Great again?
Oh the ilhan omar whose campaign manager was caught ballot harvesting and ballot chasing?!
She should be deported back to the shithole she came from.
Just pull the Uno Reverse Card: people who claim others are racist without sufficient and legitimate evidence are themselves racist.
Your minority identification from the left only extends as far as your party affiliation.
The GOP president said his opponent "*literally* founded ISIS" in the last election and it probably helped more than it hurt.
Before she was married to her brother
You sexist!I'm a female, so let me say it.She's a thunder cunt.
Can we start calling her rallies terrorist training camps?
Oh right, I keep forgetting that COVID runs rampant through MAGA rallies and completely misses Biden celebrations and antifa riots, where masking and social distancing are also being completely disregarded.
You are a good boy.  Mama Ilhan loves you.
Remember that the dem VP candidate said that the dem Pres candidate was a racist. If your own party calls you a racist that's enough for me and more evidence than they have on Trump. What's good for the goose is good for the gander
Yes, many nations have curbed expression.  Like the couple busted kissing in public during covid.*THE HORROR*
How arrogant must one be to believe they have the magic potion to "fix" the First Amendment?
Folks, free speech is under attack, worldwide. WaPo penned an article on the heels of a few European nations recently banning hate speech, detailing why the US needs hate speech laws. If we lose the 1st and 2nd, America is lost.
Weekly Koran burnings will be the new thing
Country founded in 1776.Free Speech - No Problem from 1776 to 1886.No Problem from 1886 to 1996.No Problem from 1996 to 2016.Woke Far Left Democrats in 2016 - We NEeD tO REgULAtE FReE SPeEch beCaUSe oF mY INaBIliTy TO WiThStaND OpInIoNs - If YoU sAy SomEtHing ThAt TriGgers mY feElings theN thaT is HaTe SpEECh eVen If iT doEs nOt caLL fOr ActUal HaRm or ViOleNcE.Lets not forget that alot of social change in our society (for the better) was allowed by people having free speech and the right to assemble.Look at Hong Kong Protests and how the CCP says "We will have none of that here. Your speech is threatening to overthrow our government." - If free speech is gone, this country is gone.
So biden is hiring reddit mods?
They will try and strip the 2A away before altering the 1A. But they are clear on their intentions and true Patriots will need to examine their willingness to defend both.
Typical Democrat.  Who gets to choose what is considered hate speech?  How can I use it against my political enemies?  That would only end poorly...
Considering that most of what the left says is hatred for normalcy, white people, heterosexuality, and Christianity, you'd think that they would realize that hate speech laws would bite them in the ass. Although, that would require them to have even the slightest amount of self awareness or self reflection. Not to mention that they wouldn't hold themselves to the same standards that they want for everyone else.
Design flaw: people allowed to disagree with US. They should be using their rights only to disagree with the other side!Every liberal argument can be traced back to toddler temper tantrums.
This needs to be upvoted excessively. It is almost impossible to understate how important the 1st Amendment (in its current form) is to freedom of debate, criticism, etc in this country. I know people who left communist countries and were thrilled when they could come here and speak openly about whatever they wanted to. Stuff like this scares the living daylights out of them (and me).
They are coming for all the rights, not just guns.They want norms like Canada and the EU.
So I guess the answer is to start reacting to the burning of a bible as the muslims do to the burning of a Koran, start killing people that do, or threatening to so Christian's  can be on equal footing as muslims.    Fool all that does is make separation of church and state harder to do not easier by weaponizing our holy relics to be proof from attack. " dont burn my sacred cows and I wont burn your sacred  cows"
The First Amendment isn't flawed. This bullshit logic is flawed. I hope this article is either shenanigans or wishful thinking. If not, It's our duty as Americans to take up arms and occupy the streets to abolish this evil within our nation.
I'm Agnostic, but even I can see that in the eyes of the Left, Islam is off limits but Christianity is fair game.
Hitler never did any murder himself - he had underlings do it ....
Wouldn't be surprised if Biden actually said something like that....
Just have the couple be same-sex and the virus will respect the virtuous act - and it will no longer be an issue according to the left.
I may have nightmares now. What a terrifying thought!
Biden also has a [gigantic list of 2A "fixes."](
they must have found the wand Obama was referring to...
Good thing they need a majority of states to pass off on that. If they tried to bypass that and implement it themselves, there will be a minimum of 5 million people at the doorsteps of the White House armed and ready
I watch too much Ben Shapiro. When you said folks I read it at 2x.
As a person who hates hate speech it most definitely should not be banned, mostly because I can clearly see who tf to ignore.
4th and 10th are already completely ignored too
> Free Speech - No Problem from 1776 to 1886.No Problem from 1886 to 1996.No Problem from 1996 to 2016.Small opinion, I would say up until 2012. Afterwards, you can see the trend of social media affecting partisanship.
Jack Dorseys and his legal team is being groomed for the job as we speak
It won't bite them in the ass if they write and enforce the laws which is their plan.
If they were held to the same standard that would be a problem, biden would ensure they never were in a fair fight or election again is how they see as it not being a problem ever again.
oh no no no comrade.  you do not understand.First, you declare love for fearless leader.  democrat yes!  then you ok.  you vote Trump?  *dun dun duuuuun*. doom for you my freind!
Easy-peasy explanation. Other religions are not generally knows for chopping heads off infidels, who fail to adhere to their laws.Liberals are very brave, when they are a mob. But, individually, they would rather give up anything and everything.
...you don't want to know the Roentgen count. It's terrible.
I honestly would. He's a pretty moderate candidate as a person, and doesn't really know what he, as a politician, believes. His own website contradicts things he said in the debates. But in general, he's pretty Left-Center. Kamala, on the other hand, is a a complete Socialist Left who's going to destroy the country and its very sad people voted for Biden because "Orange Man Bad" as opposed to policy. Hers being that she's going to destroy the country when she's president(assuming Dems end up stealing the election)
Be careful of what you wish for.Your speech will be next.
There is no such thing as hate speech, if you don't like what someone is saying then stop listening to them. Who gets to define what is and isn't hate speech, where will it stop? Will hate speech become you can't question your government? What is the punishment for said hate speech? You know the old adage sticks and stones, anyone that believes hate speech is a thing needs to grow some thicker skin. Free speech is one of the cornerstones of western civilization, curtailing it whether you agree with what someone is saying or not is kneecapping the foundation.
Just browsing through that list it's incredible to me than any 2A supporters voted for him, but I know they're out there.
"End the online sale of firearms and ammunitions. Biden will enact legislation to prohibit all online sales of firearms, ammunition, kits, and gun parts."Get bent, Democrats.How are people this pathetic to just let these people legislate away our freedoms under the promise of protection and security.
I highly recommend that everybody read just the first 3 bullet points. How stupid are these people? There's at least 5 statements that are laughably stupid
Who decides what hate speech is though
Yeah, the guy leading the transition team was just like totally selected out of a fucking hat.Just so crazy that anyone would assume the guy leading the Biden transition team was you know selected by the Biden campaign.
They will apply a majority/minority filter to it.  Therefore, hate speech against Christians is ok because the nation is majority Christian.  Then someone will be tried for hate speech as Islam, and their lawyer will demonstrate the planet is majority Islamic and then they will throw that argument out and trust reliable, court tested, feelings instead of objective evidence.Take several generations of a people, make life sustainable for single mothers but unsustainable for married couples with children, remove mothers from their children and send them to menial jobs in the name of equality, designing powerpoints or organizing useless seminars, have those children raised by strangers without the comfort of family, and then instruct these emotionally damaged children that all their problems are the result of an unfair system set against them by another group, and focus their hatred, uncontrollable aggression and violence against that group, and then reshape language to protect that group from laws penalizing attacks motivated solely by their ethnic backgrounds.Demonize anyone who wants actual equality of opportunity, not equality of outcomes, as literally Hitler, and watch the madness unfold.I ask all of you to stop doing business in these hives of scum and villainy known as American cities.  Leave these cesspools to their own demise.  Leave these violent sociopaths conditioned by the system to experience rage at seeing anyone of different ethnic background existing, or members of their own group expressing differing opinions, in these shitholes to rot.  Deny them your commuter dollar, your tourist dollar, and your tax dollar.  Demand school choice in your own backyard and defund the schools that peddle this garbage.  The United States education system doesn't need wokeness, we lag behind eastern and western education systems in math, engineering, the sciences, and the arts.  We will not climb up that ladder unless we can stop this bullshit in its tracks.
"prejudice, discrimination, or antagonism directed against a person or people on the basis of their membership in a particular racial or ethnic group, typically one that is a minority or marginalized."Dictionaries really need a "Last Revised On".  I remember where the only one was similar to: "the belief that different races possess distinct characteristics, abilities, or qualities, especially so as to distinguish them as inferior or superior to one another."Welp. It probably goes "Sorry rural poor uneducated white children that live in the mountains in North Dakota, the definitions only include MINORITIES --- by being WHITE you are ENTITLED, SUPREMACIST and PRIVILEGED. How DARE you have needs?"
What are you talking about. It's only 3.6 roentgen. Not great; not terrible.
Kamala is even more dangerous than hard-leftists, she's the worst kind of opportunist. She has absolutely no values or principles. She'll throw the country and our cherished institutions under the bus in a heartbeat to gain a short-term political advantage.Not too long ago, she was calling Biden an arch-racist and now she's his running mate. She also has a record of fighting tooth and nail to suppress exculpatory evidence in a capital punishment case. That is really scary.
He is a meat puppet run by committee He is not a leader. Nor is Kamala. They are not capable of being actual leaders, but to be fair nor was Bush or Obama Reagan was the last actual leader we had prior to Trump
There's an entire subreddit for them. Not kidding. Actual video footage of the people they're voting for going against their interests is cast aside as "just campaign talk" or "even if they really *wanted* to, they can't because there are just too many guns to take in the USA"
They're taking hundreds of peoples' jobs without a shred of evidence that this will do anything at all. Anybody with a brain knows that you have to go through a FFL for online firearms purchases anyway.
Wow you weren't kidding..."Federal law prevents hunters from hunting migratory game birds with more than three shells in their shotgun. That means our federal law does more to protect ducks than children."
Yeah- they won't do it through the Congress. It will be an executive order upheld by an activist court.
A packed court that is an end-run around the legislative branch passing laws would signal the end of this Republic, and all bets would then be off.We would no longer be bound to listen to the government as they would no longer be legitimate.
It has. They outlawed hate speech. That means speech has been oppressed by the government. Also when did we ever give a shit about Europe?
Ah, I was hoping someone would get the reference.
The left has been putting minorities in prison and abusing power for a very long time. She's just going back to the parties roots XD
Who wrote that and thought "Wow that's good! Really got them there!"
Biden's proposed law, "Federal law prevents hunters from hunting migratory game birds with more than three shells in their shotgun. Hunters hunting children cannot have more than two shells in their shotgun."
It's so ridiculous. I will bet $100 that he has never shot a gun. Are we going to make all guns nerf guns to make them less lethal? Lmfao
"Here's your brand new M-4 B.  It looks like an M-4, but its bolt action and has a 4 round clip."
Good thing we currently don't have an activist court
Any restrictions on the First and Second Amendments should be seen as an act of war on American ideals
Woke Liberal would say "Facts? Thats Fascism."
It makes so much sense because it's legal to kill kids.
And the B stands for Biden!
Or big-brain AoC: May be factually true, but not morally true.
Good news is the gun I bought when I turned 18 just a couple months ago was lost in a boating accident.
Damn, ya know I lost all of mine in an extremely unfortunate electrical fire that melted all of my weapons, serial number and all! Ya hate to see it happen!
To kill a mockingbird....probably one of the greatest anti-racist books of all timeIts probably being banned because it actually shows kids what racism is as opposed this pseudo intellectual babble and critical race theory shit
Let's ban these books that are designed to teach kids about systemic racism.
It's funny, because the meaning of Huckleberry Finn is literally to criticise racism...
Wonder how long it will take until they start burning books?
What the hell?&#x200B;Those books are classic historical literature. They show what is was like at the times they were written and how society has changed from then. It shows what racism is really like, not the bull the 'intelligent' media has painted to be racism. If I ever  have kids, I am going to be moving the hell out of Cali, and put them in a school that does not teach such bull. Better yet, read the books to them!
This is sadly my generation being a bunch of pussies as usual
Fuck sake. I hope this is a joke. If not, we need to abolish California.
Racism solved. It was so easy, the solution was right in front of us the whole time!
Yeah but the hero is white.  Unacceptable. /s
The left isn't anti-racist.  They support racism against whites, Asians, and Jews.
If kids know what **real** racism is, they will see through the scam that is BLM.
I'm glad we read that in school.  I wanna say in 9th grade but I don't really remember what year we did American literature.Fantastic book.
And PT Barnums minstrel shows pre Civil War were to mock the slave owners to their faces. But aspects of history get lost along the way
They already have been. Bibles and other books.I'm not counting the bookstores they set on fire, but maybe I should.
Mark Twain would have been on the Trump Train.
and the masses don't understand what racism really is and in turn are racist without realizing it
Twain would have some great things to say about this entire time period.
They know what racism is.  Which is why they keep trying to change the definition of what is "racist"."Progressives" want to **be** racist, they just don't want to be **called** racist.After all, why would you call your movement "progressive" after Woodrow Wilson, one of the most racist presidents of the 20th century, otherwise?
We know how that ends up- burning people.
Well they are currently group attacking people who are alone and seniors.  So not too far off from that
Thomas Sowell has called Barry the [worst president ever]( and I am certainly not going to argue with him.
Obama was a terrible president, change my mind
I really miss having presidents who drone struck weddings and sold out the American working class in a polite and articulate manner. This cult of personality is so fucking weird. And frankly I think similarly about Trump.
Ironic = coincidencedictator = non interferencefreedom = obedienceThese words get used for the other at frightening rate.
If he was a dictator Obama wouldn't be saying anything
The fact there hasn't been any attempt at the "unity" claim Biden suggested makes it quite obvious theyre not interested in anything more than lowering Trump as far as possible before anyone else catches onObama himself needs to stay out of the spotlight
The criminal piece of vomit that sent plane loads  of cash to Iran?  Who used government agencies for his own illegal purposes ?  And who made it his mission to divide the country?
so coming from a guy that gave weapons to the cartels, gave money to terrorists, and the lists go on. sit down Powerpuff girl because you just want Biden to win so your little trafficking buddies can start the Epstien.2 airlines so you cN catch up with Bills flight record.
Obama - gives u shitty policies with a smile and a nice speech Trump - gives u good policies with a rude tweet.I know which I prefer
Xi is the dictator, and Obama is his bitch.
He is the one started all this BLM chaos.
Obama is an idiot who speaks eloquently, change my mind
Sowell one the great economists of the 20th/21st century, hands down.
I wouldn't say he's the worst, but he's definitely one of the 10 worst. FDR and LBJ systematically destroyed the Constitution. The US is not even a Constitutional country anymore. Maybe semi-Constitutional. Article I Section 8 is very clear and specific on the powers of the federal government. The Constitution does not give the federal government any power to run social programs or set social policy like the drinking age or abortion policy, so how can you say this is still a Constitutional country? Woodrow Wilson got us involved in WWI for no reason, which also ended up causing WWII. That's a pretty fucking bad record.Anyway, Obama should not be calling anyone a dictator after he used the federal government to spy on the Republican presidential candidate in order to try to win the presidential election for Hillary. That is the definition of a dictator. Arguably the worst abuse of power in the history of the presidency.
He is the polar opposite of Trump imo.Where Trump is abrasive, no bullshit and sometimes a little unhinged whilst tweeting stuff from his bathroom at 3 AM, Obama beamed decency, respectability and he was an extremely gifted speaker. But hiding behind Obama's likeable persona was the worst policy package in recent memory where as Trump's policies have done so much to improve the country. As a foreigner I enjoy Trump for how much of a troll he is sometimes, but it would have benefitted the country a lot more to have his policy making skills come in a less abrasive package.
Don't worry, we're getting that back! I'm so glad we are getting rid of that racist old orange man so we can go back to making sure that brown people in the middle east keep dying, and toppling governments so that open air b slave markets could pop up again. The screen people told me Trump bad so Trump bad.
He's a fantastic man, more people should take the time to learn from him
had me in the first half there chief. lol
Sadly politics will remain a marketing contest for as long as people are people.
Behind Obama's likable personal was big Mike, lol
true if trump was more like able it would have been a land slide
Yeah, slave markets and wars are bad, but they're a small price to pay for a more presidential twitter.
Considering they weren't honest about number of troops in Syria I'm beginning to doubt how much control trump had of the military
You are referring to 2016 right?
The first was literally Obama's policy and it combats human trafficking.The second is from leftists shutting down their states to cause economic turmoil to spite Trump.The third is about giving options to families other than shitty public schools filled with unfireable teachers.The fourth was about getting rid of an unconstitutional law that did nothing but make health care costs rise.The fifth was about stopping US dependence on foreign countries that hate us.The sixth is made up nonsense from fascists. Gun control is only about taking away freedom. Crazy school shooters don't care about buying a gun legally you fucking moron.
**The left:** *"bUt ThAt WaSn'T rEaL sOcIaLiSm, We'Ll Do It RiGht ThIs TiMe!!!"*
"Your country just didn't do it right." - the Left
I don't care what she says or what her life experiences might have been in that country. I would certainly trust the views of a 20-something woke white kid from the suburbs over anything this woman might have actually lived through. Besides, the current generation of socialists in the U.S. is so much smarter than those in the past that it's not really fair to compare them. They've figured out all the failures of socialism and it will definitely work this time.
Well put. She is going to do great things to help preserve this freedom, knowing full well how bad it can be.
Ugoslavia?! Lol (I don't really know)
But but but its DeMoCrAtIC sOcIaLiSm!!!!
How many times can we repeat this same mistake?
DING DING DING WINNER WINNER CEVAPCICI DINNER
For as long as our education system neglects to teach history while at the same time misleading our youth into believing in a communist utopia
I'm just happy to see a heavy divide in their own party. Many don't want super radical progressivness. I also hope they give Pelosi the boot
This election can be viewed as much as a referendum on Trump, as it was a referendum on the government as a whole.Democrats won big in 2018 due to the rise of progressives, and their platform of riling up their base with big promises. The latter allowed them to take otherwise red seats and flip them blue.Here we are two years later and many of those seats have flipped back to red because of how Democrats didnt followup on their promises. Instead of healthcare or housing, they went all in on investigating Trump then impeaching him for a mean sounding phone call. Voters arent the dumb idiots that the media paints them to be, its just sometimes it takes some years to catch up.Democrats have a lot to be scared about in the next 4 years if they dont win both Georgia seats. 2022 could see them lose the house, and 2024 would see them lose the Presidency if Biden is as ineffective as he is made out to be. Of course, they have their problems coming this year as well..... Pelosi could lose that coveted gavel due to the far left.
It's almost like decades of horrible liberal policies has made people really disillusioned with the establishment or something. They just can't fathom the idea that people can disagree with them without being [adjective]-phobic or [noun]-ist.
Due in large part to the "Trump effect" of media driving off a cliff and moving to open propaganda instead of trying to maintain at least a thin pretense of journalism, many folks have discovered critical thinking. The media has cooperated by pushing various ridiculous narratives and breathlessly declaring sequential fabricated events to be existential crises. In response, many people have chosen to think for themselves, determine their own core principles and values, and examine events and ideas in the light of those principles. Some aren't there yet; my parents are staunch Democrat voters (AFAIK) as they were raised to believe Democrats support the workers, Republicans support the evil rich, and ignoring their own very conservative values. As the D's lurch more and more left, especially with their rhetoric, more and more folks are willing and able to examine those ideas, and understand they are antithetical to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Thus, a potential voter fraud scam focused on 4 metropolitan areas may have been able to tip the presidential vote, but was unable to greatly affect the House and Senate votes. And really, it's pretty easy to get a conservative to identify core values; what are the core values of the modern US media/Democrat/leftist (that they are willing to state publicly)? Fairness? Equality (but an even superficial look reveals it ISN'T equality)?
I mean, there's a divide in the Conservative party, too. Dems lost seats in the House but Biden is winning the election because people are voting against Trump, not because they're voting *for* Biden. I fully expect many flipped states will flip back in 4 years if the GOP puts forth a less divisive candidate. No one who voted for Trump is suddenly going to vote against the GOP just because Trump isn't their candidate, and all those people who voted blue for President but red for Reps are going to go back to voting red for President too.
The progressives actually did better among the Democrats running. If your hope is for more "moderate" Democrats you should be cheering for Pelosi and the old guard. If you think Pelosi is "radical progressive" than you are in for a shock when you actually see what hard left actually looks like.
America is more progressive than people think. You can see it in all of the progressive ballot initiatives that passed. Liberal politicians are garbage and don't actual care about their constituents. They offer half assed policies than only piss off both sides. They say dumb things like Defund the Police instead of Police Reform. Liberals are simply bad at their job in comparison to their conservative counterparts.
To be fair... Could they have moved forward on big government promises without a blue senate?
> would see them lose the Presidencymaybe. The odd thing about the Presidency is that the patterns all favor reelection of an incumbent absent either a particularly compelling challenger or something going wrong. In the modern era, there are only two and both have easy explanations (assuming that the current election holds): (1) Bush Sr. had an economic downturn combined with a compelling challenger and (2) Trump's bombastic personality combined with media skewing narratives. In the latter case, I specifically said before 2016 that whoever won would be a one term president because both Trump's and Clinton's negative polling numbers were off the charts for active candidates. The thing about Biden is that he, himself, is boring. His unfavorables aren't particularly interesting overall and don't stand out among the larger group; if anything, they're low. Absent some bad decisions, something to really take things off the rails, or a particularly compelling challenger, (age aside) he has all the ingredients to serve two terms. In fact, the only real question in my mind is his age. He'll be the oldest President in history and many believe he is showing distinct signs of cognitive decline. If his age catches up to him, he could be unseated somehow. Politically is a much steeper hill in my mind.
I wonder if Trump will pull a Teddy Rosevelt and make his own party.  Not necessarily run himself but suck away the populist/nationalist/conservatives from GOP
>No one who voted for Trump is suddenly going to vote against the GOP just because Trump isn't their candidateThat's true but the voter enthusiasm among a large swathe of Trump supporters won't be at the same level if Jeb! was nominated for 2024.
> The progressives actually did better among the Democrats running.If you mean progressives did well in safe blue districts, OK, but that doesn't mean much.
This. Atleast Bernie and AOC are consistent in their beliefs, like them or not. The rest of the DNC is a loaded with opinion shifting talkNoWalkers. Its the one reason i personally dont like Kamala. She was the main one hsing the dnc primaries as a means to just call out everyone, and now her and Joe are childhood friends. Fuck the 2 party system.
No. A red senate will always tie dems hands behind their back then blame them for not executing.
Your not wrong, historically it is difficult to unseat incumbent presidents, though we live in uncertain times. Bidens victory this year was seemingly through a bunch of stars aligning however. He was the compromise candidate pushed by the DNC, got to face a sitting President managing an never before seen pandemic, had the media push him hard and only won by securing slim margins in battleground states. Its on him to deliver the next four years, his record is clear but his actions will be the dictator. Hes inheriting a strong economy and the pandemic will be starting to wind down with the vaccine distribution. If he fucks up either, he loses the electorate that pushed him over the top. Of course its also on Republicans to push a candidate who embodies Trump like policies without the Trumpiness, like Nikki Haley.The Democrats are also facing massive threats from within their party from the far left. If that continues to spiral out of control, any moderate Dems will be pushed to the GOP.
That sounds right. The middle is dying. We're no longer capable of having a rational middle space. Which is sad because neither side has a monopoly on the moral high ground. Neither side has a monopoly on good ideas. Neither side is inherently better. There once was a contest of ideas in our mythology. This gave way to a contest of personalities. Now we're in a state where it's a constant war of who can draw up the highest barriers against listening to the other side.
Ah, the myth of the "low information voter". People tend to be knowledgeable on subjects that most directly impact them. While the average midwestern farmer living in a homogoneous town may not be well versed in critical race theory, the average Berkeley grad living in a diverse metropolitan area is probably not going to be well versed in agricultural microeconomics. It's almost universally true that people do not want to vote against their best interests. I think it's irresponsible to shame someone as "contributing to marginalization" when they are simply doing what they think best for their community.
You say educated, I hear indoctrinated because you're referring to four year college "formal" education. The education system has swung so far left its surprising it even functions anymore.Black president, likely to have a black vice president. Some of the most famous and well paid people in the United States are African American athletes. It's sad that we continue to hear this rhetoric. What do you think it does to the black kid who wants to better himself. When he fails does he look at his actions and think "hey if I made a better decision here, or worked harder here." Nope, you're teaching them to throw their hands in the air and blame racism. Shapiro said it best, "you're teaching them that any failure is the fault of some unseen unheard monster in their closet called racism, how can anyone succeed in that situation."
Yeah, if the party does split it would go 3 ways. The far left (Bernie AOC warren etc), the moderates (Gabbard ) who would probably join a more reformed/economically liberal socially conservative Republican Party. And then the career politicians would remain on the democrat party like Biden/Harris/Booker/DeBlausio/Pelosi etc
To add to this, they are already starting, i believe CNN or something already is claiming that while trump is gone, trumpism is still a problem :) I guarantee you that next election cycle, any GOP regardless of platform will marked as a radical politician with trumpist policies.I think the most important take away here would be not to claim some grand conspiracy though, the simplest explaination here is money honestly, they just want clicks, and since trump is a polarizing figure, anything he touches winds up being controversial therefore good revenue.
Pandering,  now,  means tacit support. It's time to take democrats at face value.
More money wrapped around the morning paper ...
My heart goes out to Hong Kong
maybe Biden can go be the king of China then since they love him so much, because he's not going to be president here
Hopefully Biden surprises us and has the backbone to stand up to China.
This is coming from Gordon Chang, whose sole academic work was being categorically wrong *repeatedly* about his essays on how China was going to collapse in 2001, 2011, 2012, and 2016.Just in case anyone is interested in this author's other work.
Biden decided decades ago that getting into bed with China would be preferable to his party being voted out of power  every few years.  Pelosi and Schumer could not agree more!
You have the president literally promoting oann.
>Beijing is pleased with several news outlets calling the 2020 presidential race for Democrat Joe Biden, China expert Gordon Chang said on Sunday.first paragraph.
did you read the article.  The China expert said that China is thrilled that biden so far appears to be the winner.  And why wouldn't they.  They desperately needed to get rid of a President who put America first
[Yes]( [he was]( of the big reasons I started coming around on him actually.
People don't research this stuff. They read the headlines that align with their views and don't even think of questioning them.
No, but you guys think its the 1960s with the "Russia" nonsense.The Cold War is over
The Obamas are all media hype and little substance
So the left's take from that is there is 72.7 million racists still out the to be silenced. /s
So the Los Angeles Times decided to have *one* day when it would run pro-Trump letters to the editor? That's just as disdainful as Michael Obama's statements. "Now that we've stolen another presidential election, let's be magnanimous and give the freaks and weirdos one day in our newspaper just to show how honest and fair we are."
The Obamas are rapidly wearing out their welcome
As far as I'm concerned, unity is not happening. Biden is clearly a child predator by what I've seen. His Camel lady VP called him a racist. I will never unify with pedos and racists or their supporters. I will be the bigger man and at least recognize Biden as Pres if the courts show no voter fraud. But I will not be acquainted with low quality humans that support pedophiles and racists
Ah yes, their favorite and go-to insult.
Well *your* mother was a hamster, and your father smelt of elderberries!
Judging by your post history, you are also either obese or are a soy boy
And from the same group that brought its popularity to the dems attention as a tool.
Bold of you to assume he/she has a father.. lol
So I guess CNN wasn't pushing Russian collusion for 3 years straight?
Yeah but you can just tune out the conspiracy theories. Best to read and watch many sources to get the full story. Even tho those news sites/networks are objectively worse, they are better in the fact that they will cover stories cnn doesnt dare touch on
well r/politics certainly does it then
Still waiting for him to admit he fucked up handling Hurricane Sandy.
Obama just put out a 768 page, Vol 1 memoir in which he blames everyone but himself for failures. He will admit to nothing that was the fault of his leadership.
I am convinced this man has a mental illness. I'm not saying that as a joke.
The truth is he has the highest death rate per capita, killed thousands through nursing homes and destroyed NY (esp NYC).
You got him confused with Cuomo
So who will be the first to pick up the fox news brand  at clearance store prices to rebrand?
That reminded me to unsub them on my Youtube account
It'll be interesting. Rumor has it that Trump's people have been kicking the tires at Newsmax. Doesn't mean anything's going to happen. CNN is currently being shopped around by AT&T. I would love to see Trump buy them both. Take advantage of CNN's distribution deals and bring on Newsmax's personalities. Tucker and Hannity will eventually cross over, causing Fox News' value to bottom out, at which point they'll be purchased by OANN.Not realistic, I know, but it's nice to dream of a better world.
This is the way. I hope Tucker goes to Newsmax.
Way fox is killing it's viewership, trump could pick it up at fire sale prices and hannity and tucker wont even have to change their badges lol. Then buy newsmax also.
They havent been fooling anyone for a long time.
Remember when they said pepe the frog cartoon was a hate symbol? They became a joke a long time ago.
Fuck the ACLU; all my homies hate the ACLU
Here's Glenn Greenwald's full article: [The Ongoing Death of Free Speech: Prominent ACLU Lawyer Cheers Suppression of a New Book](
It's his money and he can spend it as he pleases, but the amount of hunger, job training, addiction help, medical debt, student loan debt he could have solved with that money.... How come his "compassionate" party doesn't want to call his ass out? Shit I'm saving up a few months for a ps5 and I'm the selfish one for not paying for this shit...
You guys remember his disastrous attempt at running for Democratic candidacy? This guys a fucking loser.
That's like the equivalent of him throwing a dollar on the ground...Dude is worth $60 billion. 100m/60b = .167% of his net worth.Yet Republicans are somehow the party of the rich.
I hope he gets convicted and serves about ten years
But I thought it was the proud boys inciting violence! /s
After seeing hundreds of fireworks get tossed during livestreams, it's my belief that tossing these mortar fireworks at people should carry the same punishment as throwing a pipe bomb.The consequence should be federal prison.
And people still think Trump supporters are the violent ones
I thought they were the tolerant side?
I bet the people at the restaurant had a mostly pleasant dinner that night.
Now let's hope the prosecution papers this case and/or doesn't lower the charge. They are famous for taking cases that are plain as day ADW's and turning them into Simple Assault or dropping the case all together. All so they can be sure they win or don't get a loss on their record. Justice doesn't mean jack shit to most of the attorneys in DC.
Im taking bets for no bail and probation??
If you watched all the videos from the dailywire article about DC, a **lot** more people should have been arrested for assault. Throwing drinks and eggs and other things at people, knocking people off their bikes, and grabbing young girls are also illegal.        I showed the videos to a few people, the dem talking point about it seems to be it's all made up, they are all actors.
I wish they'd post a picture of this turd. In my mind he's like every other pencil necked, skinny jean wearing, beta male fucktard that makes up the antifa ranks.
Was in DC yesterday. Was unaware of what was going on (cuz read my username). Was wild to see the city like that. Fences blocking areas that should be enjoyed. HUGE numbers of boarded up businesses. Very sad to see our nations capitol reduced to this because of the alt left
Holy crap I knew it was going on but I've been off of Facebook and liberal subs for a year or so, until I saw a post on r/publicfreakout earlier with a proud boy punching someone. The comment section was totally disgusting. They truly believe they are on the right side of history and Trump supporters just need to be eradicated.
Dumbasses eat it up though. And commit violent acts, believing themselves to be freedom fighters. It will continue if their propaganda is not countered at every turn
I've seen enough old people getting beat up that there is a small, maybe immature, side of me that wants to get involved. I've never seen so many scum bags that need corralled.
These people will turn on Biden supporters as soon as they realize Biden is ignoring them, and the lefty idiots who currently support this violence will be singing a different tune.The left will eat their own.
Yep. We already know what it is
He's charged with assault with a deadly weapon. That is a serious crime. If they get no bail and probation for that you're going to see frontier justice return to American cities.
The left was all about female empowerment, but imagine how many women and girls got molested and raped since Floyd riots started? Especially inside CHAD, but also around the country with the overall increase in thug activity, and on the fringes of the riots. What happens when 2-3 overly agressive retards notice a girl walking across the street?
Leftists always ask me how I know "it was antifa", and I always say "oh, you can immediately tell" because its true. They all have that malnourished soyboy look.
Lmao 1 example and it's from the Proud Boys, not the average conservative....now let's talk about what the average leftist is doing at the riots.
BTW since you went and cried about this sub not allowing the average yuppy to comment, do you understand why conservative subs have that rule in place? Because all you pussy hurt liberals come in here to cry and brigade every time Trump does something, every time a conservative does something, every time a liberal does something, every time BLM does something, etc. You idiots can't stay in your own subs but you flip shit and scream racism every time a conservative even peeks in left leaning subs.
Have you been paying attention to the stuff they have already got away with. It honestly wont surprise me when this guy gets off easy, i know ita coming.
Lmao did you just ignore everything she said? She wants nothing to do with douchebags sweating through their polos circle jerking each other off.
Why? If you stand in a crowd that is rioting...you are part of the riot!Rioting and violence starts...GO HOME and avoid arrest. Kinda makes sense to me. But then I'm a republican.
And the Federal Building in Portland...from BLM and ANTIFA "mostly peaceful" people.
You know the ring leader turned out to be a leftist that wanted to murder trump and a federal agent. Right?And all the ancillary people arrested had no idea what the plot was about. Right?
Never seems to fail. Wasn't 2 of the 3 attackers on Kyle Rittenhouse sex offenders too?
Also, three of the four people were also charged with weapons offenses. Including this guy, who was (allegedly) carrying a handgun, as a felon. And also, in violation of DC laws for non felons. But yea, gun control is totally going to work.
It's so funny how everyone one of these incidence are perpetuated by criminal scum and our elites and media pat them on the back. America is lost, it is gone. It is beyond repair from it's golden days of honor, morality, and strong character.
He'll be released without bail and no charges filed because the DA is incompetent and politically motivated.Some celebrities will donate to a fund to pay for whatever court costs and if he does magically go to jail he'll be released within days due to 'COVID restrictions' in jail.You don't seem to understand how ineffective our justice system has become.
Yes. Kyle was taking out the trash. Go figure this POS was also a pedophile.
The third was a convicted felon with a firearm.
They gave fentanyl floyd a gold casket and doves
Some states are already locking down again, Michigan and Washington.Edit: Oregon too.
The [Great Barrington Proclamation]( which opposes general lockdowns and favors focused protection now has 12,002 medical and public health care scientists supporting it, and 34,663 medical practitioners supporting it. How many medical professionals signing onto it will it take before focused protection is acknowledged as best practice?
Can someone weigh in on wtf schools are doing now?I have no children but in the rural area I live the schools are now going to a "hybrid learning system". Essentially they go to school for certain days of the week, then school from home.... How is this helping anyone from a virus that can infect 14 days after exposure and is in some cases asymptomatic? Maybe from a standpoint of probability this makes sense?I don't support lockdowns as the answer I'm just generally curious what the hell this is suppose to do.
This is what great reset looks like
They're going to do this to us until every small business is destroyed and we're begging for socialism if they'll just stop it.
Rand is right.  These lockdowns are getting beyond farcical.  Why are we locking down the entire country when this virus primarily targets the elderly?  Why should everyone else have to have their entire lives disrupted?  Can't we just quarantine the elderly and let everyone else get on with their lives?
bUt mUh CaSeS yU iZ gRAnDmA kIlLeR!!!! *curtain twitching*
Illinois is soon behind too, my area is locked down but many places decided to ignore it since the lock us down every few weeks and businesses cant survive
Blue state governors think with Biden getting in, they will get the federal bailouts they need and are now open to crash their economies again.
Oregon just killed my job for a 2nd time in a year and just put my friends restaurant out of business. Good job kate brown
I think its just a plot to bankrupt the middle class. They've been after that goal for decades.
You think it's some kind of left-conspiracy to destroy small business? Interesting take on the pandemic.
Live in a very large, rural county in a Blue state. No deaths, maybe a half dozen hospitalizations over the entire 8-9 month course of the virus but COVID just broke out in a big way in a single nursing home at one end of the county, suddenly driving the county infection rate up (still no deaths, no significant increase in hospitalizations).  Want to guess the County reaction? New restrictions County-wide on movement, gatherings, businesses either forced to shut down or with restricted operation. This in what will probably be a vain attempt to avoid the State coming in with a total lockdown order that, after the last major lockdown, would end the majority of businesses, bankrupt a significant number of people, and kill any possibility of economic recovery for years.   This is the kind of mindless insanity Biden is pushing.
That's what they said for the first lockdown...
I live in PA and I believe they found Wolf's lockdowns unconstitutional in a court case that he lost. I can tell you that where I live, most business won't stand another lockdown.
Wow who would have thunk???"Fuck Donald Trump! Literally hitler." "Oh please Mr. Biden don't shut me down"
Not at all, I'm a patriot. Im sick of it all.
Never let a crisis go to waste.  The virus has provided a convenient excuse for politicians to expand their power and government overreach, all in the name of "emergency powers".
I work from home so it hasn't really affected me other than having to wear a mask to get groceries once or twice a week. What bothers me most is how easy some Governors found it to trample civil liberties. Even when State Supreme Courts ruled against their actions.
I mean, that's obviously wrong I won't argue that. But do you think it's a conspiracy to destroy small businesses? I think that's probably a bit of an extreme interpretation of their actions.I do think there should be punishments for businesses disobeying lockdown orders though, for public safety.
I'm a restaurant cook. I don't want another vacation, working again has been good for my mental health, I need to stay busy and I like earning my own living, not getting government hand outs. If my state locks down again, I'm done with this industry. I'll get a job that the government can't shut down.
Oh boy, i for-see scary dark times if that plan is followed.
So have you found a government job yet ? If the tyrants get the election, the lockdown 2.0  will happen.
They have been pushing it the entire time during covid saying this is the perfect time for it to happen.
Why are you dodging his question? Do you believe this pandemic is a conspiracy to destroy small businesses?
Well I was thinking a grocery store, warehouse or factory job would be where I start. My ex works at a vitamin packaging plant and even they got the "essential business" pass. Its all so stupid.
Covid did what climate alarm alone couldn't do imo.
Yeah it all goes together I think.  Make young kids feel guilty for the environment and living in privilege.  Demoralize them by trashing the economy with lockdowns and covid.  Say we need to change for a fairer, better world. They agree.  The ones that will have it the most "fair" will be the technocrats that stay on top and run everything. Like animal farm. Some animals are more equal than others.
> Show me the science proving countries that lock down all have better results than countries that do not.  The evidence that lockdowns do anything useful to reduce the death rate is completely lacking*.Show me the science that lockdowns do not work. OP made that initial claim. I answered him that it literally worked in Austria, where the cases after the lockdown fell off drastically and now Austria is doing a second lockdown because the second wave hit us. We have a conservative government btw.> And again, why are you demanding small business get shutdown while the people issues the order flout them? Do not believe in equality under the law?Who is demanding that people who issue the orders ignore them? That's a strawman.
Covid cures all heart attacks, car accidents, pneumonia, and other life threatening incidents! All fall to Covid or nothing at all!
My favorite was some guy in Florida got struck by lightning while working on his roof and his death was listed as COVID. Like, yeah the COVID is what got him, not the mf lightning.
my grandmother passed away on the 8th due to her battle with Alzheimer's. she was on comfort measures and it was just a matter of hours until her nurse tested positive and so did my grandmother. Now she passed away and will be counted as a covid death. Everyone knows this amazing woman didn't pass from Covid but it will be labeled as one.
Just like they are adding flu diagnosis into Corona totals
That guy had a really bad day.  We was a roofer.  The lighting strike knocked him off the roof and he landed on his head and immediately started convulsing.  They found pretty much his entire spine was shattered and he had burns from the lightning throughout his whole body.  Then they tested him for covid, because obviously, and deemed it a covid death.
The same should be done for Gavin Newsom and Kate Brown.
One can only hope. None of us listen to her orders anyway
The fact that this virus is still active in these democrat states after totalitarian shutdowns, should have made people realize that these idiots in high places don't have a clue about what they are doing to stop the virus. Democrats, are not that smart, their solution is always the same, shut it all down, and pray that something changes.
And Gov. Cuomo, as well as Mayors DeBlasio and Lightfoot!I'm not from any of those areas mentioned here, but I do know how awful those people are from watching conservative news platforms.
Shutdowns aren't meant to stop the virus. They're meant to slow the spread so that hospitals aren't inundated (see El Paso). But, I certainly understand that a lot of folks can't handle the economic hardship of shutdowns. It's a tough situation for everyone.
Depends on where you live. In my county, the sheriff has said that they will not enforce-it was already declared unconstitutional and she has no right to do this anyway
Other countries have been socialists for generations, they have raised a generation of people ready to listen to their nanny states and dutifully fall in line when they command so. These other countries, despite their shutdowns, have not fixed a thing about the virus. The virus is back while they continue to destroy their economies. Not very smart.  Trump is right when he said that the virus cure cannot be worse than the problems itself. The leftists in high places don't understand this simple concept. They are incompetent fools.
chalk me up as defiant to the bitter end then
I was an Obama Democrat. Loved the guy, the inspiration, the "unity" message. Hated Trump in 2016 with a vengeance. He was going to be the worst President ever. Boy, was I brainwashed!Over the last 4 years, I have seen Trump roll up policy victory after policy victory, things that made sense, while the "Unity"-crats screamed and shouted and encouraged lawlessness. It was shameful.Somewhere over the last 4 years I woke up. My parents live in Canada and I'd always identified with the older, now defunct Progressive Conservative party. Emphasis on the conservative part. When I separated out the screaming from the Democrats and what they were actually saying, I realized the Dems were not actually saying anything. Nothing. At. All. So I went all in conservative again. And it's shameful to see the reactions post-election. The refusals to consider fraud, the attempt to paint Trump as a gas-lighter, the glee in seeing him defeated. It's a dangerous place out there. I'm thankful for this sub and for others I've met along the way who reminded me that it's okay, and perfectly normal, to embrace conservative values.
Unity requires we have some common ground. I just don't know what that common ground would be...Immigration? Taxes? Healthcare? "Justice"? Faith? The sanctity of the Constitution?
I'll be ok with unity if the Democrat party looked out for Americans first rather than caring so much about illegals, deporting illegals is a bipartisan issue by 3/4 of the population yet the liberal elites keep letting them in.Edit: Certain conservative elites are the same as long as it benefits their business and not the people at large.
And while Biden is saying "there is a time to heal" (Ecclesiastes 3:1-8) other democrats are calling to "essentially, burn down the Republican Party" - Jennifer Rubin.
For the last four years we have been called racists, homophobs, cheaters, nazis,and every other name they can think of. Now that they think they have the Whitehouse Biden and Harris are calling for unity? I don't think so. Not while your party has yet to denounce the antifa and blm attacks and violence, not while the Dems have called for making a list of trump supporters so they can interrupt our lives, and not while your party continues to fight to remove our God given rights. You see we believe that we have rights and the constitution doesn't give us those rights it just affirms the rights we have.
We will not compromise our values and let the leftists walk all over us. We have our rights and freedoms and we deserve to make our own choices.
Never offer unity to people who wouldn't consider offering it to you in return.
Yeah lets sweep all the illegal corruption and evidence of election tampering under the rug, hug it out while terrorist beat you with bricks and chains, hold hands while your rights get dissolved and happily sing together as the country's economy tanks... you'll just have to stay home while jobs, service and products disappear because covid but they'll all be flying private their private jets and having parties to celebrate "our" unity.
Way I see it, I don't believe the left agrees with the sanctity of the Constitution, or really the importance of it. The Tenth Amendment has been trampled and spat upon for decades.
There's an interview with Harris where she says the protest and violence won't stop. It won't stop before the election it won't stop after and it shouldn't.She actively encouraged violence and rioting.
Biden: Veni, vidi, wait, what state am I in?Nice historical comparison!
Speaking of gas lighting....where, *exactly*, is the "Office of the President Elect"?  Is that in Washington DC?  Scranton?
Where'd you ever get the idea that the Democrats are a "free markets" party
Bullshit. He wanted the count stopped because Republican poll watchers weren't allowed to see what was going on. But please, keep drinking that MSM Kool-aid.
You do realize the Dems tried to pass a law in states to prevent Republican party members from being part of the vote-counting process. Thankfully it didn't pass.
The video:  beware. [The protests are] not gonna stop. [...] And they should not. And we should not."
Someone please keep a camera around him at all time!
Good. Some antifa members need a good baptizing.
Talking about the women that got arrested after they went around, on camera, instigating multiple fights?
Yea and the guy that sucker punched the old fellow is a convicted child molester.
Bruh that was an hour after Antifa/BLM soys were harassing & assaulting families w/ young children. Scum deserve scrum.
Those women were assaulting and using tasers on people before that, FYI.
Not defending him. Just not justifying him getting hit from behind.
Since it was the left calling us nazis and all kinds of bad things, apology not accepted.
"We need to, essentially, burn down the republican party" - Jennifer Rubin on CNNBiden is complete BS
He meant "heel," as in, follow him unquestioningly
But Biden wont condemn antifa attacking people for political reasons.
Time to heal?  Go pound it.
What is said: "Time to heal"What is meant: "Time to heel"
He's sacrificing his own health to test the waters to make sure it's safe to go outside again. How can you criticize this selfless hero?/s
What's funnier is that suddenly u don't care. Nice hoax
Yes, please tell me more about this disease that's so deadly and scary that the only way you know you have it is by taking a test... Which may or may not even be accurate. Seeing as +90% of positive cases carry a viral load so insignificant as to not even be classified as carriers. But, you know..."science".
Grabbing popcorn and really curious to see how this plays out.
For my own sanity I need the courts to get to work.. So many words so little action.
Ok, she said this yesterday on Fox. You would think you wouldn't say this unless you are ready to take to court, AG, or  even DA. Its past noon on the day after?
Well. You got till December 14th to prove it. I'll be waiting.
"We have so much evidence, I feel like it's coming through a firehose." Call me a massive skeptic, but please just release the evidence or seriously STFU. This whole soap opera plays out like a commercial for the evening news, "Something in your house will kill you, turn in tonight at 11 to find out what!" If there was really evidence, you release it, you don't hide it as if you're waiting for some big surprise.  I hope I'm wrong (actually, I personally hope there is no evidence, as I want to believe our voting system is solid), but if I'm wrong, why the hell would you continue to wait?
I just want it resolved one way or another. Litigation is a valid part of the process (even when Republicans do it, despite what the left would have us believe), but it would be really nice to be able to move on regardless of who winds up winning in court & overall.  If Trump wins, great!  If Biden wins, all the more reason for Georgia conservatives and republicans to gear up for the runoff so at least we might hold the senate.
I think a lot of us are at this point.
Wow, she declined to give details of their plan for a pending lawsuit? I'm shocked.Next you're going to tell me generals don't broadcast troop movement to the enemies when they're preparing for an offensive.
I think the people who came to my polling place in Michigan and chanted "stop the count" also put their own credibility on the line.
Where is the actual evidence it's corrupted beyond belief though? Right now it's nothing but hearsay, which no judgement should be based off of for anything!
The ten states with the highest ratio of federal tax dollars received to paid (none are net positive obviously):AlaskaMontanaNorth Dakota South DakotaNew MexicoAlabamaMissouriVirginia West Virginia
Half the Southern states would be disqualified then
I hope they report all fraudulent votes, not just the democratic ones. Anybody who interferes with the integrity of the electoral should be prosecuted accordingly
The point of these minor instances of fraud are to delay the certification process to prep the larger lawsuit. In addition to casting doubt and show fraud across the country for the Supreme Court. The ultimate goal might be a ruling that there is no way to stop the fraud therefore mail in ballots are not permitted under the Consitiution. This would not be an issue if the Legislative Branch got their act together and pass a uniformed way of verifying mail in ballots.
Antifa just needs to be put down like the terrorists they are.
Last time i checked fascists don't endorse small government, free speech, gun ownership for citizens, free trade, freedom of religion, freedom of expression, freedom of press, etc.Funny how antifa thinks everyone who is not a leftist must be fascist. Your typical conservative , liberal(classical), libertarian or capitalist would not enjoy living in a fascist state, where the state decides how you should live your life.
They are not running because they are already in office.
Is AOC gonna tweet herself glaring at him now?
That is a pretty hard burn of AOC saying he doesn't even know her.
Anyone in the media gonna fact check Sanders on this? No?
He is fully aware he is full of shit but that's the "Progressive" style - say anything you want and pretend it's true, and keep repeating it.
"and other lies we tell the voters..."
Wtf is he on about? Seriously sanders go back to the basement
Guess Bernie has Dementia as well.
Somebody should show this video to the moron, Bernie Sanders. Ilhan Omar said several times that they want to dismantle/defund police departments: 
And then the media will put it in the mega repeater
I don't think she tweeted it. But even better, here's a video of her saying it- 
Wasn't Rand Paul attacked by a BLM mob not too long ago right after introducing a bill to prevent police shootings? There's just no pleasing some people.
At the Republican National Convention final night.
Not to mention he was also attacked by his neighbor in KY and was hospitalized. I believe the neighbor was a lefty lunatic as well.
Mandated vaccines coming, total overhaul of global economy, civil unrest, police state style lockdowns everywhere...r/conspiracy, you were probably right about a LOT!
People go read about the great reset.   Is the globalist dream utopia.1-Curb reproduction.,2-Kill the worldwide economy,3-Depopulate the earth through mass starvation,And when all is done the bring everything up under one centralized digital currency, a set of billionaires appointed as leader to specific population zones/areas
Remember when the LEFT was going crazy about the new world order back in the 90's? I'm beginning to suspect the only reason they were against it is because *they* weren't the ones in charge of it.
As a Canadian, he's an absolute slimeball.
For the world to become a global entity.One world government is their end goal
Thats racist to say that! He used to be black
And forcing us in digital camps where our liberties are a thing of the past
Why, if they are so sure they won, why are they fighting so hard? If Trump is wrong this will make him look more like a stooge so why are they trying to stop him?
2 law firms have quit so far due to doxing and antifa showing up at people's homes.  This is treasonous behavior by the Democrats.
Exactly. Why are they so enraged about it going to the courts? If you're confident you won, why not just wait until Dec 14th?
People keep repeating this, but Biden did better than Clinton in my city (Indianapolis) and it's not one of the four that's mentioned.EDIT: It's not just Indianapolis... It looks like most big-city counties (except the really big ones like NYC and Chicago) around the country were stronger for Biden than Clinton. You can look at the data yourself, I'm not lying to you.[
It is the final sentence that is the most important: "You all know the kind of left wing scum we're dealing with here"
There's nothing curious about it. He didn't out perform. It was election fraud.
No the question is can they prove the fraud. It obviously happened. The US and pretty much every other western country called out Ukraine, Venezuela and Bolivia when they had the same freezes and late ballot creep.But can they prove it in such a way they can get the votes thrown out? Idk.
The problem is that this article is a lie.And it's a weird lie because it's so easy to disprove.Harris County, TX (Houston) ... Hillary won it by 12.3 points.  Biden won it by 13 points.Dallas County, TX ... Hillary won it by 25.9 points, Biden won it by 32 points.Tarrant County, TX (Fort Worth) ... *Trump* won it by 8.6 points, Biden won it by 0.18 points.Bexar County, TX (San Antonio) ... Clinton won it by 13.3 points, Biden won it by 18 points.Clinton lost Omaha.  Biden won it.Charleston County, SC ... Clinton won by 7.9 points, Biden won by 13.Denver, CO ... Clinton won by 54.8 points, Biden won by 61.Polk, IA (Des Moines) ... Clinton won by 11.4, Biden won by 15.Wake, NC (Raleigh) ... Clinton wby by 20.2, Biden won by 26.Mecklenburg, NC (Charlotte) ... Clinton won by 29.4, Biden won by 35.___In fact, just kind of scrolling through the results, it's difficult to find a city where Biden *didn't* outperform Clinton.
No need to be snarky. Speak the truth, provide evidence, and leave it at that.
Nobody here is going to get mad at people speaking the truth
Yeah I just checked my county Hennepin (Minneapolis) 2016: Clinton 429,288 votes at 61.3%2020: Biden 532,608 votes at 70.7%
I am amazed he has the time to be on TV with all the time he puts in to abusing his daughter and getting in to fights with every day New Yorkers
Insulting to Holocaust survivors and legacy. Humans everywhere especially those of Jewish Heritage
So much for "unity." Speaking of this "unity" being preached by the left, I got over a hundred dm's from white liberals calling me "n----r c--n uncle tom who's a complete dumbass" or something on those lines for posting an article regarding a lawsuit on votes in Michigan. It's like I can't even share the news or have my right of freedom of speech smh
Baldwin can fuck off with his sheer stupidity.
Not to mention cashing all those paychecks for portraying Trump on SNL for over five years
Between the decades of child and adult sexual abuse, idk how anybody gives a flying fuck what anyone in the entertainment industry thinks about anything. Oh, my 5 second search shows Baldwin has a Roman Polanski controversy. Shocking.
He also punched a citizen over a parking spot. And his reaction to his arrest and his fake non apology proved what a piece shit he truly is and he is married to sick-o with a pregnancy addiction
i wonder if people like this *actually* believe that president Trump is a nazi, or do they just like to troll around with that word?Either way, it discounts the atrocities committed by fascists and nazis.
You need a fucking hobby, kid
Wow imagine being a super dark Indian and being considered not of color. Or literally a Filipino with darker skin than everyone else in your class and being considered white.
Next up:  all student will declare their political leaning, and their minority status will be adjusted accordingly.
Asians are 5% and no longer considered a minority? Lololol.  Liberals are idiots
Dems have been discriminating against Asian Americans since FDR put over 100k innocent Japanese people in internment camps
This has been happening on a national level for a while. Notice they don't say "minorities" anymore, they say "black and brown people". Specifically excluding Asians.But if it suits the left's "fuck whitey" propaganda, then we are included. For example, the media decided to treat us like minorities when they wanted to report on how hate crimes against Asians have increased "due to Trump's rhetoric". But for some reason they often don't focus on the race of the perpetrators attacking the Asians UNLESS they happen to be white. Shit like this is what I notice all the time.
Asians, I welcome you to the white category.
Here's an idea: instead of race baiting with identity politics, why not just label the category impoverished or underprivileged students that can include those of any skin color or background... You know, have subsidies based on someone's actual need rather than having such benefits based on the color of someone's skin.
Welcome Asians you can now oppress the minorities with us
This stuff is bullshittery. Race classifications should just be ignored entirely.
Revealing that once again it's not really about race, it's about the moral imperative of indiscriminateness.  The thing is about success vs victimization - that's how the Left views the world. Any person, or group, that's successful must be bad.
Progressives are racists with guilty cnsciences. Well, welcome to the club Asians. Most of us legal African immigrants and black conservatives are in the same boat. We aren't "black enough"
Two interesting things from the graph:1. Consistently across all indicators and measures, the largest performance gaps occur between the poverty and non-poverty groups and not between skin colour groups.2. They omit data when it is convenient- they have data for the overall and poverty groups who required remedial courses in college but do not report data based on skin colour.
So are white kids just as smart as asian kids finally?
Angry Asians spoke via big fat no to Prop 16 in California.
I welcome our asian brothers to the white people club. There are no perks and everyone blames you for all the worlds problems. Enjoy.
Asians get shat on by the left continously.Harvard basically admitted to using racial profiling against them and the court agreed it was OK.In the UK with BAME, the Chinese and East Asians (Koreans, Japanese) got removed from the BAME.
I think you meant Latinx ;-)
If you have a problem figuring out whether you're for me or Trump, then you ain't ~~black~~ Latino.
I really saw a comment with nearly 1000 likes that said Cuban Americans love communism, so that why they vote for trump. The amount of mental gymnastics they are perfroming is ridiculous.
We've never had the luxury of benefitting from affirmative action, etc etc... So I'm all for it! Maybe we can take away the *actually racist* "students of color" and experience some true equality! But that wouldn't fit the popular leftist agenda now would it...
This is actually good news for me. As a white supremacist, I have subjected myself to self-harm for years over my attraction to Cuban women.  No more cutting myself secretly! Cuban womenz is white now.
Imagine being a low-caste Indian oppressed by the Brahmin caste for 2000 years, and Kamala Harris the Brahmin gets to be an oppressed minority but not you.
In America "Asian" means East Asian or Southeast Asian. If you want to indicate Indian, Pakistani, or Bangladeshi people you would need to specify South Asian.
And students will also declare their religions
They're not a minority because they don't fit into the helpless victim category that leftists like to create.
Jews are in the same boat.Minority seems to be a code-word for loser ...
I would say that it is because both East Asians and South Asians are extremely successful in the U.S. compared to other groups.
We as the Coalition of Whites, hereby accept the Asians into our non POC grouping. We request that you bring good food to our parties, and help us with our math homework.
They treat us as no more than pawns in their political game.
Looks like the successful asian kids were skewing their data on the "opportunity gap" so they had to come up with some bullshit in order to continue virtue signalling.
I'm of Indian origin. When they started using the word brown. I was like oh I can play the "I'm brown and I'm oppressed" card as a joke. I was quickly corrected with brown means hispanic/latino.Or does it mean middle eastern too? Color obsession is getting out of hand.
Bruh I'm a brown Asian guy, but today i am accused of white supremacy. Help.
I welcome people of all races to reject the social construct of race
I'm trying to ascend into the Asian category
You either die oppressed or live long enough to become white
You know the concept of "being black enough" came from racists trying to build a self destructive culture for black people? It's literally internalized racism and the Democrats celebrate it.
And they classify mulims as "Asian" for their crime statistics so as not to alert the public to a problem.
I never got the Latinx thing since Latinos is all-encompassing, even in Spanish.
>LantinxWhat is that, some sort of sex lube?
Latinx sounds like an offbrand laxative.
Tbf, most Americans don't know the caste system and they get lumped into the same category if they have the accent.
In this case Indian are considered in part with Asians as "white" at least for education. When accounting for university applications, Indians and Asians are at a significantly huge disadvantage than any other race.
That's not necessarily true, many Americans use Asian to refer to people from all over Asia, India obviously included.
"Converting to Islam to get into college"
How do you feel about this? You're essentially being treated like a white person. Is that fair in your opinion?
100% this. Asians get the worst of racism and zero considerations for anything (college, jobs, etc.)It was a matter of time before Asians were removed since they destroy all the narratives,,
Yeah asians became successful so the Left can no longer buy their vote with welfare and social subsidies.
For a man living in Europe it's so weird reading about all this obsession with colours in us and the thing that only certain "race" has the right to be called with a certain colour. It's funny how in Europe Hispanic people are considered white, because you know, they're white, but in us they are not
It's like an identity crisis: "Am I Asian, or is that only chinese, korean, etc? Am I Brown, or is that only hispanic or latino? Am I Indian, or is that only Native American?
Only about 20 percent of the worlds Muslims live in the Middle East. The most populous Muslim countries are Indonesia, Pakistan, and India. All Asian countries.
God don't even get me started on this dumb shit. Imagine being a literal Latino and having a white person try to explain why you're wrong about the gendered language that is in your DNA.
They claim that using latinx is taking the misogyny out of the word. Because you know. Gendered words are sexist... No kidding. That is what they believe.
Latinos is masculine plural aNd ErAseS wOmYn aNd rEiNfOrCeS tEh pAtRiArChY
The X is Roman numeral 10. If you didn't watch the first 9, it's going to be hard to keep up.
I've lived in several regions and I haven't found that to be the case at all. Asians are almost exclusively people who look like Chinese/Japanese/Korean. They also usually include SE Asians (Filipino, Thai, Vietnamese). However, South Asians are usually just called "Indian" whether they are Indian or not. I've never heard an American refer to a South Indian as Asian unless it was part of some poll or publication that lumped people based on continent. In casual conversation, Asian almost never refers to people from South Asia in America. Which is strange because it's almost exactly the opposite in the U.K.
I can see people doing this.
Asian here as well. How I would feel if my kids were deprived of equality and fairness when it comes to schooling, awards, employment, and other opportunities, when those opportunities are systematically handed to one race or ethnicity? Fucken angry and I'd let those overseeing those opportunities know about it in the most eloquent and cogent way! Thus far I have not had to pull out any Trump cards, fortunately.
Worth noting President Arthur vetoed the original Chinese Exclusion Act, which called for 20 years.He signed the 10 year act though.
Yeah it's complicated and logically inconsistent. But here's a funny sketch video satirizing it: 
Exactly. I think they will keep narrowing down identity to exclude the groups that "oppose" the narrative.
One Day In the Life of Ivan Chen
It has everything to do with a culture of discipline.
The vast majority of Muslims in the UK are from Pakistan and Bangladesh, both in South Asia
Russia is mostly an Asian country, I don't call them Asians either.
I know a good hotline to help with anger management, hit me up if you need it okay?
Wait until they find out about German
Gendered words are sexist? Don't tell the **fem**inists!
I don't know you, but I like you.
I disagree with you on that second part.  Affirmative action is the definition of not only "discrimination on a systemic level" but also "racism on a systemic level".  Or, as one might even say, "systemic racism".
I understand that you don't want special treatment because of your race, but how would you feel if your son or daughter didn't get into a certain college or get a job because they're Asian? Is that fair?
 No one faces discrimination on a systemic level. The difference between races is in their own agency. Asians are typically more successful because they don't feed into the victim narrative. It's about taking responsibilities for yourself and your actions, and not blaming everyone else for your problems. Because if you take responsibility for yourself, and you fail, you are driven to do better.  But if you always think your failures are the result of a system designed to keep you down and hold you back, you're never driven to try harder or do better.  You're also more likely to result to criminal behavior because you feel you have to cheat to win.
Good for you. I'm white and don't think it's right for minorities to get preferential treatment over my kids in such instances either. It's wrong.
I don't know what benefit I have over you because I'm white, but I agree that it's ridiculous that someone in this school district made the decision that Asians aren't a minority. Of course, I think all racial preferences are unconstitutional, but that hasn't prevented leftists from instituting them.
He was only half racist against Asians.
DID YOU JUST ASSUME MY MENTAL HEALTH!!I AM TRIGERRRRRRRREDDDDDDDDDDD!!!
How damn stupid are these people? They don't want you to think for yourself, you either with them or you're a racist no matter what your race is.
I don't know what's worse.. not getting accepted into a school because of my race.. or getting accepted into a school because of my race.As an Asian immigrant, what I experienced was that there was nothing racist with "the system".The only racism I faced was from individuals. If anything, it was the system that held everything together.I truly believe the moment we start putting quotas and regulations based on race, that would be the start of systemic racism.The reason I had to work twice as hard is because English is my second language. I'm sure that if some white person was trying to get into a top college in Korea, they would have to try twice as harder than the Koreans.
Absolutely right. I see much more pushback from the Asian community nationwide more this election year than ever in regards to woke policies and indoctrination. It's only fitting to stand up against such practices that compromise fairness for all just for the sake of rigging numbers for a select group.
And I agree. Some white kid who grew up in a trailer park is vastly different from, say, Ivanka Trump.
Just wanted to say I have mad respect for you and wish you the absolute best! Best of luck in your future endeavors, with an attitude like that I have no doubt you'll be successful
I disagree. Things should be fair and someone's race shouldn't come into play when getting a job, getting into school, or any other aspect of life.
Good. Glad to hear it. In my experience, Asians are extremely sensible people. The least sensible are far left whites.
I never dated outside of my race, but I guarantee you some people wouldn't like their daughter dating a white guy. In fact, I work with several Asians who have told me such when discussing their daughters.
EXCUSE THE #METOO is trademarked and you can only say it if you are a victim of s*ex*al assau**t!!!/uj i can do this all day
You had them at: I'm a girl.
i'm calling my mom you better stop
We should try to change it. It's not right.
I agree. I am familiar with that lawsuit and I hope that the Asian plaintiff wins the case. If not, this country's Constitution isn't worth the paper it's written on.
Oh and a killer of grandparents and 225k people. Some idiot had the audacity to tell me that today.
This is where the donation money is going. It ain't going towards the "massive amounts of fraud" is it?
Maybe it was caused by a Youtube video, Barry?
This has always been Obama's schtick. That he's not really a Democrat or a Republican. He's just your average joe doing "common-sense, fact-based" policies.
Well it involve taking responsibility  for your actions, so still long ways to go.
Sounds a lot like the MSM"We're independent and unbiased! It's just that democrats are all living saints republicans are satanic evil so you must have gotten the wrong impression."
except Obama was a tyrant that spied on his political opposition despite having the probable cause to do soTrump just says mean things on twitter
Ok, flatly my comment was misunderstood. Obama changed the nature of politics and as such he is directly responsible for creating the environment where conservatives elected Trump. Without someone like Obama, Trump never wins the nomination.
I quit 2 weeks ago. I cringed giving Fox Business, Neil Cavuto no less, a click one day but a client was on talking about their COVID vaccines
Leave this network. Vote with your dollars.
Every Leland I've ever known IRL has always been a little shit.
I mean... Fox is still very conservative. But even Fox has a line that they will apparently not cross, which is spreading OBVIOUS fake news.Who would have thought that Fox News still has some credibility left? Its sad that when people don't like the truth, they resort to calling everything a conspiracy and then leave their platforms to find alternatives that only report on what they want to hear.That isn't how News works. CNN, Fox, MSNBC all have their bias, but the reporting of the News is still fairly TRUE.
Saw that. Such a joke. I hope Hannity and Tucker have enough money they can afford to want to leave that network
It's hilarious seeing all the flairs about drinking leftist tears from users crying out because fox news didn't validate their internet conspiracy perpetuated by their glorious leader
> Neil CaputoI gave up on the fat boy when he ended live coverage of Kaleigh's press conference because fat boy didn't want to hear the truth about fraud
Its sad to see, obviously liberals are victi. To their own delusions on occasion, but seeing whats gling on with this trump alex jones conspiracy mongering cult that used to be the republican party is unsettling.
Yet they all flock to Newsmax or OANN which is way more partisan, and content is tinfoil hat-worthy.
Quick. Tell me what to think!!
Well when one of these accusations hold up in the court of law, I'll agree, but so far, every case has been thrown out by judges. Even judges that were appointed by Trump are denying his cases.Also, There's voter fraud in every election. Both parties are guilty of it, but they are usually isolated and confined to individuals who are just dumbasses.No amount of these kinds of fraud would overturn a state election...
Yeah, because not wanting to click on links that run scans on my browser before displaying content totally determines my political beliefs.
If this happens, I can't wait for the left to try to rationalize why it's a bad thing when they've been running on it since W.
They literally cheered that Generals have committed treason and lied to Trump about troop levels in Syria.
When you convince yourself that your political opponents are _literally nazis_, you can justify anything to stop them.This is by design.
Make it the - Conservative News Network
They know without trump in office, there is literally 0 content for cnn
*Donald Trump has entered the chat.*Edit: Wow! Thanks for all the upvotes and the award!
Bezos is about to swoop in
Watch Anderson Cooper and Wolf Blitzer on Jeopardy, that's all you need to know about CNN
Would love for Trump to buy it then fire every asshole who works there and turn it in to a true conservative alternative to Fox
If CNN destroyed their company's monetary value attacking Trump and Trump ends up buying them at a discount I'll die laughing.
Because without Trump as president, they realize it's rating are going to tank.
It's almost romantic if you think about it.  It's like a modern Romeo and Juliet
This is like the 4th time I've seen this come back up recently, I think they're doing PR to find a buyer, but no one is interested.
Okay I'll bite: I'll give them **$4.50** or **$7.50** but I get to fire Cooper, Lemon...actually everyone. I get to fire everyone or as Gary Oldman put it "***EVERYONE!***"
Let's not kid ourselves- Disney is gonna come down on this like a fat kid on pie.
GOP should buy it then fire Fredo, Lemon, Wolf, Erin, Acosta, and all the other fake journalists.
Now that Trump is out of office network news is doomed. No more Boogeyman to bring in viewers.
Fox news ought to buy The Communist News Network. They are both cut from the same cloth.
How about they just go with unbiased reporting. Fuck all this "we need *Conservative* news!" We just need news. Lower-case 'n', straight-up reporting of the facts. That isn't some conservative value - it's just a regular human value held by pretty much everyone except the assholes on the farsides.
Trump should buy it, that would be his conservative news network.
Lmao imagine the meltdowns if Trump of all people buys CNN and rebrands it that name.
Not just CNN. I can see hundreds of newspapers and blogs cutting their political columnists in the coming year.
This. I honestly wouldn't be surprised if deep, deep down parts of the media wanted Trump to win. They are probably going to lose billions of dollars and thousands of jobs when they aren't able to put him on blast everyday.
I don't understand this. CNN has been around since the 1980s. Trump has only been president for 4 years. Why do we seriously believe they are going to fail now since they will have "0 content", but was able to survive for 30+ years prior to Trump jump with apparently "0 content"?
Trump is and will be in office though
That would be hilarious is Trump bought CNN. Imagine the reactions.....
how ironic would it be if CNN was bought by Trump and turned into the nation's #1 right wing media?Conservative News Network
Buy it, fire everyone, give Alex Jones prime time, profit
Oh my god can you imagine
Woah. What if Trump buys CNN just to shitbag them for all the lies they told about him!Just think about that, for a second!!
Only at fire sale prices. Bezos already has a video platform. I don't see any advantage for him in buying a failed news channel.
only 10% to the "big guy"
Wolf Blitzer, all time lowest scoring Celebrity Jeopardy player. That should've proven these supposed journalists are really sensationalist idiots.
Then make Jim Accosts the janitor
Don't fire them. Make them tell a conservative view point just to prove that these talking heads do what they do for money and nothing else.
You don't fire them right away.  You write down scripts for them to read, if they refuse you then fire them for cause.  Probably would be surprised by how many would go along with it.
And hire Tim Pool and Ben Shapiro!!Trump HAS to have realized that alternative news (I.E. Tim Pool) is the future!!
As someone from the outside looking in, why do so many people on here want a conservative news source (like Trump TV for example). Why don't you guys just want unbiased news?
Yeah no one is going to tune in to hear about Joe's dogs
I mean, people should have never been on Facebook looking for news in the first place.
Cool idea but he wouldn't do that. He'd use it to promote ideas that benefit him. All media is propaganda.
I'll offer this half eaten cheeseburger i'm munching on but hurry deal won't last much longer
Disney is bleeding money right now. No theme park money, no Marvel movie money, they ruined Star Wars, and massive layoffs.
I want to see Fredo be forced to read a script which criticizes his incompetent brother for mishandling COVID in NY.  I am sure that he would refuse.
Best part, most normal CNN viewers would continue to watch it without blinking an eye.
R E A L I G N M E N TEALIGNMENT
Problem is that facts have become polarizing. Report that riots did real damage - must be conservative! Report that Biden won the presidency - must be liberal! But yeah, I 100% agree with you. This filter bubble stuff is killing us.
That doesn't scare people though, so they don't stay glued to the TV all day, and then they don't sell as many ads.
*sigh* time to start a war for media's sake!
Old media is dying. Trump ironically provided a brief resurgence, but if he goes they're in trouble again.
because they went kamikaze with their meritless attacks on Trump while killing their own journalistic integrity. I'm obviously speaking in hyperbole here saying they will have 0 content. Do you really believe they would have the same ratings as the previous 4 years when Trump is gone.
CNN cannot compete with independent news media and social media. Most of CNN viewers are older boomers. Millennials and GenZ do not watch CNN, even the leftists.
I'm praying for a miracle. The amount of hate Trump got over the last 4 years is unjustified beyond anything I've witnessed.
Hahaha   ...and rename it the **C**onservative **N**ews **N**etwork.
He should buy it and then simply fire everyone.
But do it covertly and slowly red pill all of America.
And then some real investigative reporting occurs. Clinton ends up in cuffs, and the swamp is drained.Edit,  correcting bad grammar.
CCTV and Chinese News Network: now they have 2 news sources!
Louis CK mopped the floor with him
Trump America News. Spraying out the news all day, every day.
I don't think he deserves a down vote for his question. The reason is because there isn't unbiased news any longer. There's really Globalist news and National news now. Each reinforces its business model. Most news outlets are owned by Billionaires that hold multinational and global business holdings. They have a clear advantage from a weak American economy and it helps for them to propagandize along those lines.
I feel sad for Joe actually. In a grandparent kinda way; I don't know what it is. I don't think the left likes him at all (except for the Baby Boom group, really). All they cared about was "voting" Trump out.
Kennedy would have watched the new CNN!
Given that most CNN viewers are random people in airports, this is probably true.
Yea we might be onto something here
Hmm..... leftists are like cattle and this would be the best way to lead them to the right pasture!! I agree.... you are onto something!!
Not if Bezos buys it, which the article listed as the richest intetity with expressed interest in purchasing CNN.I mean, you'd know this if people here actually read the article.  All joking aside, read the article.
This would also apply to fox news viewers as well tho haha.
How sad is it that we've come to a time when the value of a news organization is compared with the tv ratings of The Bachelorette? That's the reality we're entering. 24/7 content has completely broken the camel's back, and we're now stuck with this weird television landscape in which public information is directly competing against whether whoever is going marry also-whoever.
*From the war torn battle field reports by Teen Vogue*
Its honestly really sad. He never really did anything terrible and gets all this flak for "being racist". Then you're supposed to unite the country with everyone convinced you're hitler. What the fuck media, what the fuck.
We are Conservative News Network, formerly Fake News Network
That would be so awesome if he fired Cuomo and Lemon
One at a time.  Each person is a new episode where they are brought to his office and fired.
I can only listen to him for so long when I'm driving.He's funny, and some of the shit he talks about is insane (because a lot of it is true) - but the way he talks... that quick paced and full of energy way. It is really draining.Dunno how to explain it. But I just listen to his stuff in little blocks so it's less tiring.
still too high of a position for him
"The white toilets were clearly oppressing the brown po....""JIM""sorry"
Thought you were gonna say the slaughter and got worried lol
That's interesting! My grandparents vote straight republican but that's probably because my grandfather is cuban
"How to deal with your heroin withdrawals while on patrol" by Vice
Reporting from Tehran, Teen Vogue War Correspondent, Becky.
If you look at his policies, how minorities did over the last 4 years, and the people he appointed then Trump is the worst at being racist of all time. But CNN says he is racist so must be true.
he should just reduce their pay just enough that they'll be pissed off but still stay, and force them to kiss his ass all day every day talking about how great he is/was as president.
**LISTEN FOLKS THESE PEOPLE ARE FREAKIN' DEMONS INTERDIMENSIONAL ENTITIES SENT HERE AS UNDERCOVER OPERATIVES OF THE PHSYCHIC VAMPIRES TRYING TO SUBDUE HUMAN CONSCIOUSNESS, THEY WANNA TWIST IT, BEND IT, AND MANIPULATE IT FOR THEIR OWN USE.** *exhales**inhales* Now this is true, you can look it up, I've been talking about this for a long time
He can be the toilet bowl brush
Cubans are actually white people now. The wokeratti says so. I forget the reasoning but they had to stretch real well before they did the mental gymnastics.
"Uh heeeeyyyyy! Its actually Beckuh! So I'm just chilling and texting my boo when this guy comes up to me...psshh...with a gun. And I'm all like W T F. You're wearing white AFTER Labor Day. Yeah McKenzie, you can say its rough down here."
As a minority  I can agree. And now I'm more worried about how minorities are going to do if Biden gets elected and all these idiots think they're going to have more money when gas goes up to 5 dollars again and taxes are 60%. Los Angeles is sooo fucked. Even more so. But hey, "democrats care about you." Such bullshit
You know it's crazy because Don Lemon used to actually talk sense and try to help people and then somehow over the years the oppression mentality overtook him completely. Him then and now is a night and day difference. suspect they offered him a ton of money to do it so he sold all his morals. Maybe if whoever buys CNN doubles his salary again he'd start spewing out facts and conservative talking points lol.
Good lord I read that in his voice too.Help
He can be the other toilet brush
Islamophobia seems pretty reasonable in France since they go around chopping people's heads off.
Sounds like Macron and the rest of his pro-EU friends having buyers remorse about importing millions of people unchecked
Just went to a southern pot luck after a family passing. Cold food, not enough of it, and too many people who brought nothing to simply mooch off everyone else's work. Sounds about right.
Leftist kid with zero life experience telling everyone how to organize society.  Who does she think she is, greta?
I thought we protect the old from covid first.
This guy is just plain evil.
This virus hardly kills anyone ~~over~~ under 65, and we're going to make sure the elderly get it last. Okay...
Here come the death panels again sponsored by our presumptive "president" only difference is he will be too important to be used as an example of course.
We've been hearing how the elderly are at most risk for how long, now all of a sudden the elderly and infirmed should get it last?   Those in a nursing home should be the first people getting this so family can start visiting them again.  My mom passed away in July all alone and we weren't able to see her one last time.  In fact we hadn't been able to see her since February but they literally don't care.
I have my 9 on me now everywhere I go! Antifa going to have to protest in hell! Fuck burn loot murder!
CCW permits have soared in California. At some point soon, these terrorists are going to come across the wrong person
This is the truth commission guy lol
I like the part where someone said that all 100,000 deaths in recent months should be on the right's "conscience." Because apparently under Biden, 0 people would have died.
We have to separate the story of COVID from the fact.  Yes there is a virus. Changing presidents will not extinguish the virus, it will only placate the storytellers.  Biden will not be able to make the fact of COVID go away.
What the hell would Biden do anyway? Mask mandates and lockdowns.  This thing is not going to be contained.  Also stats are BS. The PCR test is trash.
Step 1: create paranoiaStep 2: push candidate into powerStep 3: ????Step 4: Profit
My entire family has covid rn bc brother brought it from school. I'm the only one it's really affecting bad and I've had the flu kick my ass harder. Feels a ton like the flu too except I cant smell or taste anything
Pretty sure were supposed to keep president during crisis example FDR
This all seems like an orchestrated slow-roll into a full federally mandated lock-down of some sort, after which the Biden administration with the help of MSM will claim success.
If Biden wins just remember that every potentially bad thing that happens while he is president is 100% his fault, considering we will be living in Biden's America. Call him out on everything, including every time someone dies from a COVID related illness, there's any violence during a protest, California catches on fire, a hurricane hits the coast, the stock market dips, etc. Leftists will complain that the president doesn't have the power to control everything, so just link them back to other leftists who've said that's [Trump's America](
The left hates America What else is new?
A few things:1) No, Trump is not ignoring the COVID related news, that is just a smear attack used to gaslight the population into thinking that anyone who isn't a Democrat is useless.2) The COVID mortality count has been suspect since the start.  People who didn't die of COVID were found to have died of COVID because hospitals were falsely claiming COVID as the reason for death because the government was paying money for that to the hospitals.  3) This Chicken Little shit of screaming that the world is coming to an end and that we're all going to die of COVID unless the Democrats are running things is getting a bit stale.  There is NOTHING that the Dems could have done that the Trump administration has not already done.  The government is not going to create a vaccine, that is up to the pharmacy corporations.  Hell, when Trump promoted Hydroychlorinique (or whatever the hell that was), the press and the Democrats bitched about it, attacked Trump for mentioning it even though there are other nations that are using it and it works (Maybe you all should have been pushing for Unity at the start of a pandemic instead of trying to make Trump look bad for your own political agenda).4) Biden hasn't won, the election isn't over.  5) You're a partisan hack.  You know Biden can't magically end this pandemic and make COVID go away, you just want Trump gone.6) No, that is not how the Constitution works.  I know I am not an elected Democratic Official, but I know that the Constitution isn't made of play-doh.  It wasn't written to be bent and stretched to make what you want to happen happen.
Congress just removed Bidens president elect status. The votes needed still aren't certified yet.
I never understood why anyone gives this jackass a time of day.
Ah yes, the Monday morning quarterback response.
And the fact that 200,000 deaths by October was the best case in March.
I hate how the politicians and Liberals try to act like they care about the deaths. They only use it to serve to their interests, such as "bUt dRuMpf DeAth RatE, cOvId, wOrSt pResIdEnT".
If this pandemic would have struck during the Obama administration, I guarantee that we would be in the same place we are now with the volume of cases. Our country failed on many levels with the virus, yet Trump is the only one people blame. Nothing will change under Biden.
Looking at the talk, I'm beginning to think that Biden IS going to do a lot different and it will be a federal power grab to try to force states to do things.
He did, you're just a low info voter.
What do you want him to do, wave a wand?All of Europe is having just as bad as wave as us. Manage risk, wear a mask, that's about all you can do.
You mean like organize a plan to develop a vaccine in record time?
The economy would be better if Clinton won because the media would be ignoring Covid
I remember when they said 2,000,000 were going to die in the US alone this year...
I would add- the story of Covid has eclipsed the fact of Covid.  Yes the virus can be hurtful.  But the story of Covid has caused widespread deception and depression.
Absolutely right on him and obama spent 8 plus years blaming everything possible on Bush
Exactly! They showed their true level of concern by promptly celebrating together in the streets when the media declared Biden the winner. After several months of protests that is.
One thing to blame also is our health (obesity, hypertension).  In many countries the average age of death for COVID is above the average age of death overall (UK 82 covid, 81 population in general).   In the US its lower, like 71.  Probably due to our weight and diet problems.
Nope not at all.  When and where?
Sure there. So explain Europe right now?
Hold on...I know what that is called when one man in government consolidates power and forces his ideas on the people. But he can't be a fascist because the anti fascist support him.
 The media is hiding it.
I remember the 'scientists' said that "if we handle the pandemic *perfectly* there will be 200,000 deaths...and if we handle it poorly, there will be 2,000,000".
Singapore is 3rd in population density in the world and they got Covid locked down. Singapore also tops the list of most connect airport in asia pacific. Even most countries in Africa, because of what they learnt from Ebola, managed to contain the spread of Covid by an insanely large margin. This trend around the world suggests that good governance, coupled with sensible social responsibility can actually control covid spread.
Could you please link me where they said this?
How about the true bleeding heart clincher? I was born in 1981. I have not lived through a single president who didn't start or bring America into a new war. Until now. A fact utterly ignored by the "pro peace," "anti military complex" crowd.
I mean, they celebrated when Trump and Ben Carson contracted it and we're hoping they would die.
THE CDC AND FAUCI have both said masks will not cure or stop the spread. Mayors and governors of deeply blue states have praised Trump and the federal government for getting them ventilators and supplies immediately. Trump does not deny science, but instead refuses to PLAY POLITICS with it, and tells the people to inform themselves.Meanwhile, Nancy Pelosi has said in this same year that Trump is xenophobic for pinning this (rightfully) on the Chinese, and also successfully held up relief stimulus proceedings in the house, AT WHICH POINT she fought news anchors live on television.Stay. Ratioed.
Bro. There have been mask mandates country wide for fucking months. Blue states like Colorado have had them since July. And are having four to five time higher rates of infection than the peak in April. Stop acting like a piece of cloth is going to save you. It's there for your peace of mind, not your health.
Then you're an uninformed child, not an American, or just plain stupid.
Some people would have you believe that losing their job, their house, their car and their livelihood is all fine as long as their 89 year old Arthritis ridden Grandma who can barely walk anymore and takes 14 different medications a day that will probably be dead in less than a year didn't catch Covid.
Science like "come party in Chinatown, you wouldn't want to be racist a racist"?Science like "keep going to malls and movies in NYC"?Science like "don't wear a mask or change your daily life"?Science like "don't restrict travel from countries with high infection rates"?Science like forcing young, sick people into contact with the most vulnerable people, then vetoing legislation that would prevent it?Science like "Trump rallies are super-spreader events, but rioters' mass gatherings to burn and assault people are fine"?Science like refusing to contact-trace from those riots so they don't have to look bad?Science like blocking economic relief unless it dumps extra money into pet government projects that have already been funded?Science like politicians shutting down businesses and then secretly getting services for themselves?Science like Biden removing his mask to cough into his hand?Science like Lightfoot shouting maskless into a megaphone to people passing around wine bottles to drink from, then announcing that holidays are cancelled?That kind of "scientific thought"?
I brought this point up to my "liberal" room mate, and he brushed it off saying that "Trump's policies and actions will cause a war in 10 years"... I just looked at him trying to process how he can have that kind of thinking. He's trying to blame Trump for the actions of someone else, 10 years from now. I *did* finally get him to admit that he doesn't actually like nor support Biden. He only voted for him because he wasn't Trump.
>That kind of "scientific thought"?they only care when Trump says it, not people that are in the TDS bandwagon. \- It's trumps fault the virus spread because of his rallies \- Biden supporters aren't helping spread the virus despite having numerous street parties because the MSM deemed him the winner Lefties don't actually have a real argument and just exist on contradictions, especially the never-trumpers who voted Biden lmao
Red states like Colorado and California? You realize this info can be looked up by anyone right? You're not being slick.What is it with you fucking people and masks. Are you that fugly that you need to hide your face 24/7. You can't stand that masks haven't stopped the spread, it eats you alive.
And when it comes out there was extensive voter fraud, what will you pivot to next?
The difference between you and me, is that you think you're a hero for wearing one. It's a virtue signal. I wear mine because it's a mandate, you wear one and think you're a fucking savior.
Can we put a label on Twitter saying potentially misleading/damaging media outlet?? I want this to be a thing...please
still no word on the russian collusion tweets
>Why Are People Older Than 120 Years Old Voting?>How Can Someone Request a Ballot, Receive It, and Return It On The Same Day?>Why Were So Many Ballots Returned Before They Were Requested?Why, indeed!
I think the ballot rejection rate differences between 2020 and 2018 is definitely fishy as well.
Just 3?* How did so many receive ballots before the ballot was finalized? 38,074 ballots were mailed **before** a court ruled a 3rd Party candidate could not be listed on the ballot and **before** the ballots was official. * Not to dis the computer skills of the elderly, but 50 people over 105 applied for a mail in ballots on-line. (40 people over 110 years of age)* 9,005 Ballots were cast without any record of having been sent, some as early as May and June.* 7.689 ballots are recorded as being mailed to voters before the conventions ended.
How about taking 4 hours to count 92% of the vote, and 2 weeks to count the last 8%.
Those 1900-01-01 dates are probably just system defaults meaning no date was likely entered, not that those people are that old. I would say that's still an issue...just a different one.
Especially when that 8% is almost entirely for one candidate
Should be all of the state's GOP reps.
She's circumventing that ruling by having her minions in the Health Department do her bidding. She should be charged with contempt of court.
People fight for their country because they love their country. Whitmer is stomping on the ideals of the country that many of us cherish.  Liberty and justice. I am willing to wear masks. I am willing to stay away from others. Making dictatorial orders without legislator approval that bankrupt businesses is crossing the line. Circumventing court orders is crossing the line.
we let marxists coopt the educational system half a century ago
Schools are about to jack up their price
In a "totally unrelated" story, 4 year college tuition surges another $50,000 dollars.
Great. Where is this money coming from?China? Your ass?
So if I paid off my student loans already can I just have the 50k
If I worked and paid off my student loans, how will I receive my $50000?  What if I didn't go to university and didn't actually take out student loans but worked hard to get where I am, how will I receive my $50000?
Where can I apply for my refund since I've already paid my debt.
Good! As long as he takes it out from his salary :)
Surely this will help the national debt problem
Why don't private schools with massive endowments pay off debts? Why am I paying bc someone else made poor decisions and didn't want to go to a community college for their lit degree?
What about my student loan that are already payed off???Do I get reimbursement? Since my taxes will help pay for others' debt, what do I get out of this???Fucking politicians
And the people that paid already?
Listen... I won't not take my share of it, but id never vote for it
Are you going to give back the $50K I paid out of pocket?
We're fucked if this guy gets into office.
This is great since I struggled to pay off my student loans for over ten years and finally did it last year. Can I get a refund?
And if this happens, does my son that worked 50 hours/week to pay for his Mechanical Engineering degree, PRECISELY so he wouldn't have student loan debt, get reimbursed for what he paid in cash!?
Nope, but if you were smart enough to pay it off before entering another debt in a mortgage, congratulations! The irresponsible upper middle class kids (with a parental safety net) went and bought houses while making minimal student loan payments, so the government has effectively subsidized their home purchase while the housing market becomes more expensive for you to enter.
Remember to keep paying your taxes to cover everyone else that didn't do what you did
Because higher education,  for the most part, has 2 goals.1. Make money.2. Brainwash children.
What about those who are financially responsible and made sacrifices to pay off their loan? I want my money back then.
Username is suspect. You a nazi?
So everyone over the age of say 22 gets a 50k tax credit? Regardless of if they went to college?
Actually, it's probably coming from the fed monetizing the treasury's debt from the banks in the form of QE. You'll pay for it in inflation eventually, though, so there's that...
I am hoping it is not Among the many things govt is having us pay for like abortions, needless wars, and critical race theory training
Me too. Unwilling here. Not my expense too cover.  Nor do i want to cover free medical care for immigrants.  I pay way more than i should for my own.
Wait little longer and they will say that China Joe made this shit happen. I kid you not.
Can't wait for the "experts" to chime in and go over why we need to sideline excitement. Coming from a family full of doctors and nurses (wife is a Pharmacist as well).... one thing they all agree on.... the media sure loves to find doctors who are more worried about being quoted and getting their 15 minutes of fame.
>Look even if there are multiple vaccines that work we still need to lockdown until after the 2024 ElectionFauci
Well according to CNN he was
We have to make sure that doesn't stick.  They'll try it.  We'll hear it.  Expect it.  But we can't let that live past the time it takes to come out of their mouths.
Don Lemon on tumble mode right now
Well it was a private public partnership so some politics was actually involved.
Pretty sure is an attempt to stall the state from certifying
I'm sure it will go well as the other cases.
I believe, the case was dismissed already.
Prediction: it ain't gonna happen! Stop being so gullible. One final con to take your money.
This is a hailmary. They know they have nothing and is only looking to delay a certificarion.
Do they have any evidence or this just another Alex Jones fantasy?
Reading the comments and this sub is mostly lefties now
It's not unlike being sued for a billion dollars. Sure, if they win, it's a nice payday. But they have to win.
There is a lot of confusion and misinformation. I've been following these reports fairly closely. Here is my objective analysis -Firstly, anyone on the left that is claiming NO fraud occurred is either misspeaking, wrong, or just stupid. You don't have hundreds of millions of votes cast with literally zero fraud. Every national election has SOME fraud, I'm sure.Instead the correct interpretation seems to be that there is no evidence of SIGNIFICANT fraud - where significant is defined as 'Enough votes with enough of a bias towards one candidate to affect the outcome'. So if candidate A is ahead by 20k votes significant would mean a bare minimum of 10k fraudulent votes (where 100% of the fraud switched a vote from candidate B to candidate A). A very small number of bad ballots changes nothing. Even a huge number of fraudulent votes would have little impact if the fraud was fairly equal on both sides. But the reality is that a massive vote fraud effort would be realistically impossible (and likely very easy to prove given the scale of such an effort). Regardless, fraud is largely irrelevant in the pertinent court cases. Every case (that I'm familiar with) looking to throw out a non-negligible number of votes is based on problems with the election process and not fraud - usually arguing that election officials didn't follow correct procedure. There have actually been almost no claims of significant fraud in the courtroom - that's largely confined to the media/social media.While the claims of process violations may have merit (the courts will decide) there is no chance in my mind that they have the desired effect. A judge isn't going to say that, because election officials didn't follow the rules that tens or hundreds of thousands of legal votes cast in good faith by eligible voters who followed the rules should be tossed out. If they did it would open a whole new avenue of fraud. (Just have 1 corrupt election official 'accidentally' mishandle votes that are unfavorable to you and then have the court toss them all post-election.) The courts won't decide that the will of the voters is irrelevant because someone in the government screwed up.The only exception may be the deadline extension in PA. It's conceivable the courts could decide the extension wasn't lawful and toss only the votes that arrived past the original deadline. However, there aren't nearly enough of those votes to change the outcome.Objectivity is a difficult thing when people are passionate about something - regardless of ones political ideology. I think you're seeing a lot of that being reflected here.
> On the left there is absolutely no election fraudI'm a lefty, I'm sure there is some number of fraudulent ballots. Because there are some every election. But I highly doubt there is more than a few hundred cases nationally.Have your recount, have your litigation, but try to live in reality a bit here too, widespread voter fraud in this country just doesn't exist.Trump said the same thing about voter fraud when he lost the popular vote in 2016, we still don't have any evidence of those claims being true, now he's repeating them again?> there is no substantial litigation taking place to change any states result.Do you have a link to some of this substantial litigation? Most of it seems like, "please judge, they counted ballots that were received after election day," which plenty of states have done for years. NC counted ballots until the 12th, longer than GA, PA, and NV. Yet no Trump supporters are crying about NC being rigged?> On the right every state with a close margin to Biden is about to have hundreds of thousands of ballots overturned.Rudy Giuliani went on Crowder and literally said they expect the final number of fraudulent ballots to be like 600. Tucker Carlson even stated that whatever amount of fraud there is, it isn't enough to overturn the election.I get that we likely differ greatly on policy, but at the moment, it seems like Trump supporters simply aren't living in reality.
It's like there are people who want us to only look at one of two things, to divide us on a superficial issue.
Yeah this is basically the same thing that was filed in the Michigan Court of Claims the week before last and dismissed.Nothing really to it, mostly the same hearsay reports regarding poll watchers and the like.
Most conservatives are well aware he lost.It's a small but vocal minority that still think he actually won.There has definitely been fraud or at least irregularities at some voting districts, but flipping the presidency would take fraud on a scale so massive it would be impossible to cover up.
You should follow your own username's advice
>  I just hope to god that these accusations have real substance. Every actual expert says they don't.
There is no fucking evidence. A TikTok of a dude burning sample ballots in a Walmart bag? "Totally dead" people voting (but any specific examples either did not actually vote or are actually alive)? I'm dismissing these stupid lawsuits because the Trump team is grasping at straws, as evidenced by the complete lack of evidence they bring to court, and how quickly the cases are thrown out. Show me one shred of credible evidence of fraud that can't be debunked with a quick Google search.
>The important take away, though, is that the left were quick to dismiss all of it, before even looking at evidence.No, people were dismissing claims made by Trump because he was presenting no evidence while making those claims.
That would be too costly.  What will happen, if there is sufficient evidence, the Supreme Court will invalidate the election. In which case congress would decide.  1 vote for each state.  Trump would get at least 75%
So that the legislature can choose the electoral college delagates and ignore the will of the people. Basically so they can steal the state without going against the constitution.
And it'll do just as well as any of the trump campaign lawsuits. Doesn't matter who files the lawsuit if it's based on nothing but fantasy.
And how do you honestly know
Which court was that decided in?
Alex Jones baseless conspiracy theories are good? Asking for evidence of supposed fraud is bad? What a world.
Thanks for proving my point.Leftists love to mock this sub for its flaired only threads. But it's literally impossible to talk to other conservatives anywhere on this site otherwise. You have a million subs where conservatives don't bother you. We don't even have one. Sometimes I want to actually talk to other conservatives and the lefties which swarm this site seem to think that's a problem.Hell, we can't even have a private event irl without leftists showing up to harrass us.
Yes, one is constantly upvoting baseless claims that the election was rigged and broadcasting articles about it, while their President of choice is refusing to allow healthy concession of power to the next President, and the other is /r/politics.
Oh! Yeah she seems pretty awesome.
>Honestly I think there is widespread election fraud at the software level, but I think it would be nearly impossible to prove.I have two genuine questions.(1) If there was widespread, software-level fraud, wouldn't the Georgia hand-recount catch this? I understand conservatives and Trump have other problems with the Georgia hand-recount, largely with respect to signature verification of mail-in ballots. However, the recount and audit *will* verify whether or not the Dominion software counted the votes accurately.In Georgia, where I live, you cast your vote on a touch screen and then your ballot is literally printed out. You verify your ballot print-out and then it is placed into a sealed box to be tabulated by the computer systems. The hand-recount involves counting the print-outs themselves, which every single voter had to inspect and sign off on before submitting.(2) Assuming the results hold in the Georgia hand-recount, by what mechanism could the software have cheated?I'm asking this because I really don't understand how there could have been software-level manipulation of votes in Georgia if a hand-recount demonstrates totals with no significant difference.
Trump signed into power a cyber security team after the 2016 election... Those ARE his guys. They also agree there is no evidence of voter fraud.
>Honestly I think there is widespread election fraud at the software level, but I think it would be nearly impossible to prove.I'm actually a software developer and this isn't really true. In fact it would likely be EASY to prove.The most straightforward way would just be to get a few voting machines, set them up exactly as they were on election day, and cast exactly 1,000 votes for each candidate (preferably using an automated process - like a stylus on a robotic arm). Then just check the results. The machines would have no way of knowing they aren't processing actual ballots and would behave the same way as on election day. If Biden gets 1500 votes and Trump gets 500 then you've got rock solid proof.It would be VERY difficult to discretely program a machine to alter votes - especially since the software is designed as a generic vote tabulator. As I understand it election officials customize it for a specific election by entering the names of the candidates (propositions, etc). The same software is used in all elections (including, I assume, primaries, etc). it would be difficult to target a specific candidate in that circumstance. At the very least it would require some pretty specific code that would be very obvious if anyone were to analyze the actual machine instructions (a copy of which resides on every single machine). Vote machine fraud seems extremely unlikely to me if for no other reason than the near certainty of getting caught.
Honestly, if you think it's possible to commit fraude on this supposed scale 'at the software level' without producing credible evidence, you don't understand how to process works.
Not usually. Usually there's some beef which prompts an investigation, and then the investigation determines whether that beef was the tip of an iceberg.If there's no beef to start with, there's no reason to even have an investigation. It's like questioning everyone about whether they killed someone when there's nobody missing and no body. You normally need some trigger to cause an investigation, right?
The only illegal acts I am aware of are the ones that this administration has committed on a weekly basis. The only voter fraud evidence I keep seeing are from Republicans. I legit haven't seen any proof of illegal acts or voter fraud from Democrats at all. I consider myself an objective person, hence why I read this subreddit at all, but I just haven't seen anything legitimate.
>Those with mail-in votes were afforded enhanced and un-equal rights over those who voted in person.Everyone was given the opportunity to mail in votes, it isn't like one class of the population was selected to mail their ballots in.
I mean sure, that's all possible. But then, anything's possible.You can't just say 'this could have happened', you need evidence. Without evidence, especially given the money and power that the Republican party has to find evidence, it's just paranoid speculation.
The roles aren't reversed from 2000. In Bush v. Gore it all came down to a few hundred votes in a single state, well within the range that could be impacted by a recount. In 2020 Biden has a lead of tens/hundreds of thousands of votes across 6 or more states. Very different scenarios. Also, I haven't heard anything from the Biden camp suggesting that recounts shouldn't move forward, just that he should begin the transition based on the results of the election.
It costs millions of dollars to recount. So depending on whose paying for that, we may have that to lose. Plus the time, space, effort, to recount. Will volunteers be doing the recount again as well?  It also appears that Trump has been whispering in everyone's ear about *fraud, illegal votes, etc* since **the 2016 election** because why? Yet all that went away when he won? Is it so impossible that he can lose? It was a vlose race and Trump and Trump supporters had something to be proud of but now it's just getting so mucked up.There's two outcomes, this is known before the race even starts. It's possible for either party to either win or lose, that's usually accepted. Idk where this idea came from that Trump just *could not* have lost.
It is completely unreasonable to believe in widespread fraude without evidence. And so far, we haven't seen anything remotely convincing.
Well mainstream media isn't going to post news stories of fraud unless they have evidence. They are held to much higher standards than alternative news so the stories need to be validated. This isn't anything close to similar to the 2000 election. Gore and Bush were separated by 100s of votes in one state. Trump has lost by tens of thousands of votes in multiple states.I'd just like to point out that even the mods on here are deleting news stories after they are proven false. Trust me, if actual evidence of election fraud is brought forth it will be covered by all major outlets. The issue is that just hasn't happened yet.
Why would the fraudsters not sweep the down-ballot races?
Can you please link me where it was proven that it was used to commit fraud?
Read the affidavits, it includes such gems as a Democrat poll watcher giving them the stink eye, or the public address system being too loud. The fact that you're talking about the number of pages rather than their contents is proof that their grift worked, just collect whatever you can no matter how useless it is to make the number of pages sound impressive, and people will be convinced there's fraud.
Who's hampering? I've seen a lot of calls to let the recounts play out.
The only thing simple here are the people that believe there is widespread voter fraud going on against a party that currently controls all three branches of government
Actually, Trump didn't do this these were just disgruntled citizens.
I purchased a 1sqft piece of land in Scotland so I prefer to be called by "Lord"
This is a great resource. Thanks for sharing.
With what non-biased evidence you brigading shill?
Ironic since Obama did kill Americans and threaten journalists with jail time
Oh, the lies and hypocrisy. Does Bill Cosby write his jokes?
The only thing Democrats know how to do is project.  Edit: I think i had a stroke typing that the first time.
Obama has only met Trump once for a couple hours. This is a pretty galling statement coming from the Drone-Striker-In-Chief. This is the same guy who kicked journalists out the Press Room because they were in "His House".
now do the "very fine people on both sides" lie
I really want Trump to pardon Snowden. Idek if Trump agrees with what Snowden did but Obama *hates* him bcuz of how much the leaks damaged his good guy image
I mean, the media spent the last 4 years misreporting every single thing, why would they stop now?
To be fair, unless they can prove it in court, it won't matter.
The media doesn't decide elections, not for Biden and not for Trump.If massive voter fraud is proven in court, those guilty will be punished and the fraudulent votes removed.The media can call Trump a dictator and Trump can call the election fraudulent, but that doesn't make them true.
It's only violence in one direction. Violence against conservatives is just a protest I guess.
Anyone notice we have been seeing less and less of Biden and his team as the week has gone along?Almost like they are getting info on what is coming
He should probably be asked 1,000 times over the next 4 years if he condemns violence against political opponents.
He is just a puppet. We can't expect anything decent from him, sadly.
Mr. Unity lied about and weaponized race each time he got out of his basement on the campaign trail. He's the last guy to look to for unity.
The only thing Biden wants to heal are the feelings of the media, celebrities, corrupt intelligence agencies and China.
I'm sorry but I'm going to have to correct you sir. It's a peaceful protest when they attack us, not just a protest. Sorry, just dont want to see you doxxed for a such a glaring racist mistake /s
To the regressive left, free speech from the right is violence and violence from the left is free speech.
When did we ever see them? His campaign called a lid at 9am every morning. Half of America just voted for a ghost. Big Tech and Media ran his campaign for him. He wasn't even asked a single hard question the entire season. America voted for Big Tech and Media, not Joe Biden.
Isn't the current administration refusing to brief biden on anything? Or have they begun briefing him yet?
Imagine pushing the false narrative that the Proud boys are out there intimidating like the soy boys in black have all summer long. Burning looting murdering too.The soy fascist types of course operate with numbers, sneaking up on people and running. Never one on one.
If you notice during his heavily scripted short speeches he's constantly tugging at his left sleeve. Makes you wonder if he isn't getting a cocktail of drugs to make him lucid but they only work for so long. Watch any speech over 20 minutes long and you can immediately start to hear heavy slurring and the right side of his face begins to droop.
He's not even president elect at this point. It would be a breach of national security.
A few groups have shown up ready to mix it up, but very few. Considering the destruction and violence that has been done by fascist, the freedom protecting opposition is been quiet. As a whole conservatives rarely go out looking for trouble. Make no mistake, their homes are protected.
Why has every administration done just that before trump?
Riot gear is defensive, not offensive.  If antifa or blm is around, old ladies should wear riot gear.
Finding and eliminating fraud in our election system is far more important than Trump winning.
I want his victory to be acknowledged from this mess of fraud and hysteria but the evidence is to overwhelming and widespread to ignore on any level. The perpetrators need to be found, tried and convicted before they conveniently commit suicide or get shot by "random" criminals.
Doesn't everyone get sick of playing this game?I remember being told Obama would never leave office.  I remember being told Trump would never leave office.
>Biden legitimately wonThen why is the left so worried about a recount and audits
No way, my team is the best and yours is the absolute worst! /s
I really don't care what you do with your own money.
When you run on a policy where you want the middle class to be a financial come up for the bottom, perhaps you should be voluntarily using your own funds the way you will demand others use theirs.
Bruh that 89% came from a sample size of 9 ballots. 8/9While still worrying this would need a bigger look into
This! Whenever you see numbers bring referenced (especially a percentage) you really need to understand where the numbers came from. As an engineer I can tell you numbers can definitely be manipulated to say whatever you want depending on how you boil them down.
For first I was a little sceptical about the "We have all the evidence and the outcome will be huge" etc. etc. kind of stuff, but they're not giving up on that rethoric and they're even making bigger and bigger claims as we get closer to December 14th. I'll just wait here, prepare for the worst and hope the best. This is all we cam do now. Pray and trust!
I'm still waiting on the "BIG" thing to happen. Keep hearing about all the evidence but also keep hearing how its getting turned down. Also a little hard to keep track of what "news" comes from where.
People who think this is all just nonsense- look at it this way. Why would the GOP keep lying about having proof just to get nowhere in the end? They must have something. Something big is going to happen. Trump knows something. We just have to wait.
Tbf they claimed for months that they had evidence that would lock biden up...
Trump said the big stuff would come out this week.It aligns with Sidney "now" getting the ok to release it..was probably always planned to release this week.I know it feels like it's been ages since the election but it's hasn't even been two weeks yet.Composing a case that would present the claim that our entire democratic process has been hijacked takes time.
Falling for what? I'm waiting to see what happens. If they have evidence they have it. If not we get dementia moron.
I totally agree with you on that.
I have read opinions of some people that the small and constant litigations of Trump team weren't meant to win but rather stall the certification of the election outcome by keeping dragging it into court over and over again while they are using the time to build the real case.
Sure buddy. Go back to r/ politics
Great! Do that, but also don't swallow what Trump is trying to push into your throat. He doesn't deserve loyalty from you or any citizen. POLITICS ISN'T A TEAM SPORT, TRUMP IS NOT "YOUR GUY".
There's no conservatives on r/politics. That's job one of the mods there. Go away troll.
I love how he was trying to be all cordial afterward when he got out of his car. "Ah, that's unfortunate.. Wasn't paying attention, ya know what I mean?"
Karma's a bitch and pretty sure spitting on people's stuff is not promoting unity
"Of the 2,631 votes sources at the elections office told CVN that it appeared that between 1,600 and 1,900 were cast for President Trump."
Saw this earlier elsewhere with some more specific information:  According to Floyd County GOP Chairman Luke Martin and tentatively confirmed by Rees, there were an additional 1,643 votes for Republican President Donald Trump, 865 for Democrat President-elect Joe Biden and 16 for Libertarian Jo Jorgensen.> Rees said the absentee by mail votes have all checked out, as has the in-person election day voting and the difference was in from early voting ballots from that particular replacement scanner at the administration building.> That replacement scanner at the admin building was used after the original scanner jammed and was taken out of service. The ballots from that original scanner were successfully entered into the system and votes were counted.> Walter Jones, a spokesman for the Georgia Secretary of State's offices said he had not been made aware of any issues like the Floyd County issue anywhere else in the state.
Between 60-73% for trump. And those are allegedly early vote ballots.
That's only floyd county. It seems as though the big fish is the dominion servers/software that lin wood and Sydney powell keep chirping about. I'd assume the litigation is simply there to delay certification so that the lawyers have time to gather evidence on all bodies that were involved in the funny business. Trump signed an EO on Sept 12,2018 about election fraud. And it's juicy if that's the play.
Even California voted strongly against this kind of racial spoils system in the last election on prop. 16. This extemism is not going to make things better, only cause more division.
Dear Lord, give me the strength to endure this madness.
Which 1 year College courses would we have to take to become an expert on systemic racism? Asking for a friend.
Im pretty sure they dont know what the definition of systemic
Yeah and after they get what they want they still won't be done.  White people have an eternal burden to pay for their contempt.
I'm pretty sure you just read Robin DeAngelos 'White Fragility' - or a summary of it then you just apply whatever logic you want to the world as long as it culminates in the conclusion white men are evil
Are you seriously trying to push the agenda that using a 1945 video about racial prejudice is somehow relevant to today? Surely not. Stalin, Hitler and Mao all used the government to oppress their own people in the name of 'injustices' done to whatever group they percieved the victims and ended up with some of the biggest attrocities on the 20th century, please read a history book.
So what about people like my parents who voted for Obama in 2008 but voted Trump this year? Did they turn into racists?
Ben shapiro talking about this was hilarious lol kiss my ass, barry!
Because spending 8 years a president calling the American people racist wasn't enough.
He is a racist. As a biracial person myself, I don't choose my minority side to help get me better jobs
I saw him on '60 Minutes' tonight talking about Trump not accepting the results of the election. This coming from a man whose party still hasn't accepted the results of the 2016 election. He fits in perfectly with the rest of the hypocrites in his tribe.
He made his millions from politics and had his cabinet picked by Wall Street for him. I dont want to hear it.
Obama truly believes that anyone cares about the color of his skin, or frankly, the skin color of ANY politician.We care about your economic policies and the way you govern. Don't project your bigotry of low expectations on the American people.
Guys unity!!!!! Let's heal! Unite with everyone that's racist for not being a socialist!
I will never forgive him for standing down and letting Benghazi happen, and lying about it in the rose garden that Sunday morning.  No respect for him.
Growing up we were always taught MLK Jr's philosophy on life. Judge others by content of their character, sadly the left seems to want to make it all about skin color now.
Him running and then being re-elected wasn't enough to ignite the racist flames and keep him out It had to happen after his two terms Ya that makes sense Obama is the divisive one and yet he and his wife(or husband?)  continually play the blame game Can we go back 12 years and start fact checking Obama lol And guess what barrack I can disagree with you and not be a racist at the same time moron
That Liar in Chief can't even accept intra-race racism. He needs to account for this first before pulling out a race card against hard working, peaceful Americans that stand up against woke policies, radical indoctrination in our schools, suppression of free thought in various media, restriction of personal rights and liberties, domestic terrorism, high unemployment, and a shitload of other issues that detract from being American.
Sorry Obama, not all of us like bombing middle eastern schools
You're telling me the black guy and his wife think they're victims despite being the first black people in office, *twice*. Damn bro that's crazy never heard that one before
Of course he did. He was The Great Divider.
Ironically I would consider people who only voted for obama because he was the first black president as racists. It was so cringey seeing people be proud of that on social media.
What was your favorite things about Obama? Was it the cut to nasa funding? The record increases in health insurance cost? The slowest recession recovery in decades? Fast the furious? The NSA spying? Perhaps you mean the takeover and subsequent war with ISIS. Oh no it's gotta be the automatic classification of males as enemy combatants when killed by drones. Oooo no it's gotta be the red cross bombings or Benghazi attacks. Or are you more of a fan of his war on whistleblowers? How about his war on the press as he used the Espionage Act again and again against the press to silence them. Man he was such a "cool" well spoken president.
I was guilty of that in 2008, I was in college and getting all of my news from the Daily Show, but thought I knew everything about politics/the world.  Really depressing in hindsight, but at least I understand why /r/politics is the way it is since I used to be one of them
Not to play devils advocate but Trump refusing to leave the office if he got voted out would be unconstitutional
Spooked by a socialist in the White House is more like it
Makes a ton of sense. See, i married a black woman, have a biracial son, but Trump brought out the true racist nature that i never knew was inherent in my DNA!
Glad to see you came around, its a rare sight to see.
The obamas have said a shit ton of racist shit the last couple weeks. That whole family is fucking trash.
He's challenging the results, he has a right to do that and this isn't the first time this had happened in our history. Nothing's been certified yet and won't be until December 12 or so? Plus he'll stay in office until January 20th.Calm down and let the process play out. If he still refuses to concede, then you have every right to freak out and I'll be right there with you.Until then, calm down....
My exact thoughts every time I hear someone call Trump a fascist and all of his supporters racists
Why wouldn't they? We haven't been doing nearly enough to combat their growing encroachment throughout the Pacific. To say nothing of how they've basically forced the rest of the world to bow to their economic interests with nearly no resistance.&#x200B;If you're under 40 you'll almost certainly see China become the preeminent military power in the world unless something changes.
Especially when you have so many politicians ready to sell the info the Chinese had to try to steal before, they will sell and cheaply for their retirement fund.
Right! Oblivious to the fact that other nations will be watching us closely as a weak geriatric puppet takes the helm! Holy hell........
Yep same thing with the  universities. There was talk in my state of requiring public universities to limit the number of Chinese students they could admit, because of the blatant espionage that goes on and the fact that plenty of the student populations are now like 20% Chinese citizens, and the universities went absolutely apeshit. Started crying about racism and xenophobia and all kinds of shit.&#x200B;Surely it had nothing to do with the fact that they charge the Chinese 2-3x what an American kid pays AND the Chinese kids are far more likely to live in the dorms which is another goldmine for them...
One that has already shown he will kowtow to the Chinese.
"We need to, essentially, burn down the republican party" - Jennifer Rubin on CNN
The true Authoritarians are coming out.
When the history books are written, this chapter will be titled "Pandemic Politics." We've embraced a sort of bizarro world in which we are faced with a pretty clear public health problem, and instead of solving it we've decided to use it as a political platform.  Both parties have run so far from the actual common-sense solutions to this problem, that the bases of each party are now stuck in a swamp of misinformation and partisan pseudo-science.We now have "Republican" and "Democrat" scientists. Let that sink in. I see a lot of complaining by "conservatives" that Democrats want to "cancel Thanksgiving and Christmas." And I see an equal amount of "liberals" claiming that Republicans are trying to actively kill their constituents (I've even seen "liberals" claiming some Republican lawmakers are murdering American citizens for political gain). Both of these notions are incorrect and laughable.Here is my personal (and probably equally biased) opinion on the new coronavirus: 1. It's real. And it's potentially deadly to a non-insignificant percentage of our adult population. The numbers clearly suggest it will not wipe out the human race, but it could easily kill adults who would otherwise live. 2. I do not want to contract a serious case of the coronavirus. I do not want to be hospitalized or be intubated. 3. Long-term hospitalizations are a much better metric of measuring the virus' severity than death counts or case numbers. It appears that as ICUs approach capacity, mortality rates rise. Not really a big surprise there - obviously a lower doctor-per-patient ratio will lead to worse healthcare.4. Individual states should be allowed to issue their own mandates without interference from the federal government. Anything else is unconstitutional. The caveat here should be that states must disclose the data behind their decisions. There's no reason why Idaho and New Jersey should have identical guidelines. 5. Science is not static. We've learned so much in a very short amount of time about the new coronavirus. I'm willing to listen to new information whether or not that fits my "political agenda." 6. The common sense crowd of scientists and doctors have never proposed restrictions as means to end the virus. The most important role of our coronavirus response has always been to relieve the pressure on our hospital system (particularly the ERs and ICUs). When those beds are filled, it drives up not only the mortality rate for CoVID cases but for non-CoVID cases. What happens to heart-attack victims, appendicitis patients, or even trauma patients when the hospital is full? Maybe these views peg me as a "RINO" or as a "lower case" conservative, but I don't really give a shit. I think most Americans would much prefer a more state-centric and science based approach to handling this issue than has currently been put forth.
How dare you *checks notes* eat dinner.
Get hair done and go out boating. Their cure is worse than the virus.
The dinner was cancelled.If you follow any politicos on Twitter you saw this shit get blown up by all sides. was quite amusing seeing Pelosi get eaten alive by her own party. But I don't think anyone actually likes her.
Rules for thee but nor for me
So you're saying we can't do anything but all the politicians can sit and have big fancy dinners with wine and turkey with hair salons? Do you want another French Revolution people? Like come on.
Michigander as well, sick of her shit
The rules are for the losers man.
The fact it was planned at all, while they tell us to stay locked inside and away from each other, is the problem.
Three week lockdown with the dumbest half measure bullshit I've seen so far.People still think all of this is for covid, huh?If it really was, we'd do a strict as fuck 2 week lockdown, and move the fuck on.But nope.Here we are, half fucking stepping again.Hasn't anyone asked why we do these lukewarm measures that really just allow vectors for it to continue to spread, vs. doing what s. Korea and New Zealand did?Hmm.Couldn't be because they WANT to drag this shit out as long as possible, vs. handling it in proven and effective ways, and letting us get on with our lives?Nah, what was I doing, I'm a peasant, I shouldn't even *be* thinking.
I would definitely go see that holiday movie
It's a half measure that's going to ineffective as *fuck*, by design.This way the stupid Mitt Romney looking bitch can extend it until... whatever arbitrary fucking condition is met.At this point, either go full fucking lockdown for two weeks, and go from there, or fuck off completely.Wax-faced Romney-looking cunt.
I guarentee people will still have their family gatherings despite what any governor says. Especially in Michigan.
Remember that time Nancy went and had her hair professionally done while mocking people for wanting haircuts and also crushing the people who own and work at salons? Oh yeah, and she wasn't wearing a mask. Remember that? I remember. Also, her nephew Gavin, is about to royally fuck up the restaurant industry by banning indoor dining here in orange county- yet he has zero issue dining at the French laundry with a bunch of his political buddies. Does this blatant hypocrisy not bother you? It bothers the fuck out of me. But I have a brain, and im not addicted to defending leftist overlords.
She only cancelled it after it was discovered and she was called out on it. Had it not been discovered she would not have cancelled it.
I always wondered how someone like Hitler or Stalin could gain power. The answer: people like you.
I don't think anyone believes Pelosi would follow her own rules.
I think funerals work, too.I saw a tweet yesterday talking about how this guy is having a funeral for his pet turkey next Thursday. Refreshments to follow.
This tidbit illustrates very well that masks cut down on risk re:  
Feel free to prove him wrong then, if not for his sake then the audience's.
No there are some, like the same idiots who believe a beauty parlor set her up.
No it isn't. The point still stands that had she not been caught, she would've done so anyway while forbidding it for the rest of us. Fuck the tyrannical left.
Why must you keep licking your master's boots?
Good, those assholes that lied to him should face a firing squad. Edit: Downvoters want us to stay in the Middle East now? Also lying and disobeying a direct order from the President is a punishable offence. [Just in case someone doesn't know what I am talking about]( Edit: Okay maybe not a firing squad, but they should face punishment.
People are sick and tired of all the woke and cancel culture bullshit
I have been watching "progressives" wreck social norms, make huge messes, and then flutter away to the next cause like they saved the world since the 1970s. They are always so right. Everyone else is so wrong but they never have to fix their messes. No one ever follows up, it's only good intentions that matter not results.
To normal liberals the woke crowd are just as disastrous as you think they are.
As someone who lived through the Clinton gov't and the PC culture of the 90s, this is a real deja vue moment. Ironically, things have never been better for minorities than they are now, and they're always getting better. True, there is still a significant amount of disparity, but that's for reasons that require generational changes. Wealthier minorities still have a lot of social and economic ties to communities that are riddled with problems, and until they can have a generation grow up without those ties then they're gonna be held back by them.It's mostly individuals acting racist now, and it turns out assholes always are going to exist. If they keep painting every white person as an enemy because of that, though, well that's what you call a "Self fulfilling prophecy". Which is fucking sad, because 99% of people don't want to hate anyone.Edit: Lol. Got in before the flair lockdown but now I can't respond anymore.
I tried to make the point on r/politics that there needs to be some examination of why 70m+ people voted for Trump beyond "white supremacy" but was voted into oblivion. Regular folks aren't stupid, and even if they don't see the Marxist aspect, they are resistant to this stuff being normalised because they have common sense in droves.Edit: Thank you for my first award!
These types seem to think that Trump was a net negative.  A lot of people liked his "Get Fucked" attitude and the fact that he wasn't a polished speaker, and sometimes he said stupid shit... but that just makes him more relatable to common people.
Yep. Looking forward to seeing the left come in and deride one of their own
ngl I'm pretty tired of all the identity politics bullshit from both sides when there are real problems they are being paid to address.
Are they?Seems like they voted in droves for more of it.
This is why the founders made it hard to change the Constitution.
One of the moments that made me more conservative,  was thinking about the word *progressive*. I thought I remember 1980, the country isn't better now, after all this spending and "progress" it's worse. This movement is wrong! I so dislike hearing someone say, "I'm progressive." Because it's such a lie.
They're nihilists. They don't have actual solutions. They just want to see things burn.
His last show was called politically incorrect. He's always been against cancel culture bullshit.
He's what I'd call a principled Liberal, a true Democrat. He'll talk to anyone, and understands the value of compromise and I genuinely believe he's a good person who understands that it's about changing hearts and minds. I'd love to sit around a campfire with him.
The left is so left that it makes Maher look right
This is one of the main reasons I liked him. Had the Dems just tried to work with him they would have got a lot out of him. To bad they fucked that up so badly people actually voted for the shitter Biden.
Lol reminds me of the South Park episode where Cartman convinces the other kids to go be pirates in Somalia. They start crying and begging to go home within hours.
I would love for this to be true. But every city still went for dems. These people want this. They want chaos. They want drug riddled streets. They want homelessness. They want riots. How many more elections in Detroit, Philadelphia, New York, LA, SF, Milwaukee, Minneapolis, etc do democrats need to keep winning?The country veers further and further left every year.
Low information voters that hate Trump plus voter fraud shenanigans lol
I went to school in the 1970s. Team Teaching was the fad for several years. They even built a school with no class rooms to prove the system worked. The idea was to group the kids into units and teachers would move through the throng in "teams." It was bedlam. No one was called out for this. No one was reprimand and the students lost two years of education. The building was repurposed and the progressives skipped off to their next failure. This is just one small example. To say otherwise is to be ignorant and backward.
Every liberal should be sent to their choice of North Korea, Cuba, or Venezuela. Just for a few weeks. Like a hard knocks program.
If you actually think all Democrats are communists then eitherA) You are being purposefully disingenuous, in which case your opinion amounts to exactly zero. B) You have no idea what communism actually is outside of a few Wikipedia paragraphs and you're just parroting some talking head, in which case your opinion also amounts to exactly zero.
I live just outside of Portland and I don't worry about crazy liberals rioting and looting. I have 7 30 round magazines for my AR.
I would watch that season of Hardknocks on HBO for sure
You sound like a climate cultist. Change is fine. Change towards authoritarianism is not.
Change, yes.  But that doesn't mean we shouldn't change for the sake of change, we should make sure our change actually results in a better world.  Right now the Democrats, who have fully re-embraced open racism (just with the colors inverted), are pushing for change in a direction that will make a far *worse* world.
It's going to get much worse if Biden wins. You're right, people are dumb and incredibly misinformed. Our education system has been destroyed, we've been deliberately dumbed down for decades. Dumb people are easier to control. This country is doomed, our debt is spiraling out of control, jobs are being shipped overseas, and here comes Biden (no doubt it will be Harris when he steps down or dies) to the rescue to speed it all along. Kind of hilarious to see the left vote for everything they are supposed to be fighting against lol
Send the dem elected officials first. Watching AOC +3 would be so damn satisfying. One way tickets for them.
I'm entertaining the thought of learning how to survive in the wild and get off the grid. But they could just fly around drones with thermal imaging or satellites and find anyone not living on the grid, so what's the point. The people demand their own enslavement. It's all quite frustrating. That probably sounds irrational lol but I'm serious.
The Great Reset is coming. Everything will change. You'll be taxed for being alive. You won't be able to drive. UBI for almost everyone because your job has been automated. Plant based diet for the masses. You won't be able to participate in society if you aren't vaccinated. No more privacy. No more private property. Everyone will be herded into mega-regions. No more cash. Biden moves us towards this. I don't know how to fight it. It's clear people don't have the critical thinking skills to see what's coming, even though they announce their plans in writing.
There is only one kraken and he is a half Asian lawyer
So, here's the question that nobody is asking: if all of this is true, how do they intend to get the information out? If big tech, the media, the federal agencies, deep state, etc are all involved, who's going to actually pursue this?  The Kraken is an interesting statement... do they intend on reviving an updated Kraken bot net to distribute the information?
It sounds like there may be a provable case here, and any fair court will see what happened if the lawyers are able to present it well. The only missing piece, as far as I know, are the data logs from the machines themselves, and I do wonder if those are available. I would not underestimate the probability of tampering to perhaps delete those logs, covering all tracks. I'm optimistic about this one, but if the vote as it stands is certified, my optimism for the future of this country will be finished. There will be no point in voting ever again.
What if the kraken is using the emergency message system to send the evidence to every phone in America. Those tentacles reaching anywhere.
Good question but I believe it's going to be settled in the courts and the media will be forced to begrudgingly cover it.
I would assume a press conference by the doj or some other government agency regarding the voter fraud allegations  would be the only way it gets out.
Even if MSM didnt cover anything,  Newsmax, OAN and a few others would, as well as BBC, anything Australian, and other international news companies would.  Would just make MSM look bad in the end if they didn't cover something like that.
Thankfully the media is irrelevant when it comes to action. The court system to include the SCOTUS is what's relevant
.....by claiming Trump is a ruthless dictator and has just seized power. Common sense has left this world sadly.
"I can't in good conscience allow this to be broadcast" - Fox, CNN, MSNBC
They should just do it over the emergency broadcast system. Hijack every channel and broadcast the presidential address. For better or worse, all Americans are entitled to hear from their elected president, even if they hate his guts.
What is the ga state legislature suppose to do about transparency of the senate runoff? It is against federal law to change the rules of an election in progress
DO IT. This would have already happened had Trump not been fucking LIED to.
Great. Now let's see them go and win in court. And show the world. Not just talk about it over and over. Let's prove it and get Trump reelected already.
Sidney Powell also said yesterday that President Trump [definitely won the popular vote, probably won the popular vote in 2016, and it's possible he won all 50 states]( wild claims like that leads me to take anything else she says outside the courtroom with a giant grain of salt.
I'll believe it when it gets ruled on. So far, not a single one of these lawsuits alleging large-scale fraud (or error, for that matter) has even remotely panned out.
I don't think it's reasonable to throw out every single ballot, but it is good that they are looking into it.
*granted i hope trump wins... but to throw out all the ballots  giving trump the victory seems like it undermines the system in the opposite way...   the left will go nuts and claim it was stolen from them.. (which i understand the reason for,  i would be upset if this happened to trump)i understand that there was likely mass cheating and nonsense going on...basically i don't want trump to win on a technicallity or anything.. i want the american people (right and left) to see the true acturate results as they are...
I posted this in a different thread but want to re-iterate. I am a Democrat and agree that we should ensure that elections are fair, and that Trump absolutely has the right to request recounts and to investigate allegations of fraud. Most Democrats, and people in general, agree with this.\*\*\*But that's not what is happening here\*\*\*There is a huge difference between calmly requesting these things to be done, and automatically making claims (or shall I say yelling and shouting in ALL CAPS on Twitter) that Democrats "rigged" the election, that any possible cases of tampering with ballots are from Democrats, that Democrats are cheaters and liars, that Trump WON the election (by a lot), that anyone that votes against him is anti Christian and anti American (as if we don't have a democracy and people don't have the right to vote for anyone but him), retweeting conspiracy theories spread by random anonymous people on social media, going on angry rampages on Twitter, attacking Fox News for reporting on the election in a way he doesn't like.... I could go on and on.Trump and his team are making the assumption that **anywhere Trump won, there is no need to review the voting process or question anything**, but only to do this in areas where he lost. **Let's make it clear, none of these lawsuits would be happening if Trump won this election.**Selectively identifying allegations only in the areas where Trump lost is not the equivalent of trying to ensure the integrity of the overall voting process. I'm sure for any one Democrat that did something wrong, there is likely a Republican that did something similar, but there is no acknowledgment of this of course. It's a very biased, one sided investigation with the goal of trying to get Trump enough votes to win, not to ensure fairness in the election process!!Because when you are trying to ensure fairness, you go in to the investigation knowing that the outcome could go either way (in Trump's favor or in Bidens favor). You don't come to the conclusion first and then try to seek out evidence. Trump already had the outcome laid out in his mind BEFORE investigating anything.There is a normal way and a psychotic way to go about verifying/confirming election votes. Trump is clearly in the latter category. THAT is the problem.
A similar lawsuit by the Trump campaign was already thrown out a few days ago: [ of the claims they make in the case (on page 10) have any corroborating evidence. Their "evidence" section is simply references to laws that say the votes would be invalid **if** what they alleged happened actually happened. But they need to prove with "clear and convincing" evidence (not beyond a reasonable doubt since this isn't a criminal trial) that what they claim occured did occur, and they don't. I don't see how this won't end up like the many other lawsuits that were swiftly dismissed last week.
Got to love when their evidence is the retracted affidavit from project Veritas.
Yeah people are getting carried away with throwing ballots. We have to protect people's constitutional rights to vote too.
They should do whatever the law says
We're screwed regardless of the final outcome. Regardless of who ends up inaugurated in January, there are going to be 70 million people convinced the other side cheated. Let's just hope the right leader is installed.
If the ballots weren't legal to count or cast then they should be thrown out; that would provide the true accurate results. Plain and simple.It's not winning on a technicality, it's winning despite either someone's unintentional fuck up or a deliberate attempt to cheat.P.S. The left will never see the election of someone they disagree with as legitimate. Look at the 2016 election, GA governor election with Stacy Abrams.
Every illegal votes cancels a legal one, and takes away a legal voter's voice.Every US citizen has standing to sue.
And yet again this article and lawsuit provide no evidence of any fraud. You bash the MSM for being fake news but believe Trump and these news outlets without a second thought, why?
>According to the lawsuit, there's "evidence that sufficient illegal ballots" were counted in the three counties. There are other issues including "transparency, fraudulent changing of dates, a software glitch, clerical errors, illegal votes, and many other issues and irregularities."   It's in the article
Don't give up. Just wait until everything is investigated fully and go off of what they say. Concede the loss, and vote Trump into office in 2024
What does that have to do with throwing out invalid ballots? There not just throwing out random ones. If I'm required to give a photo ID when voting in person, then how come other people can just be mailed ballots without even asking and no way to verify that it even went to the correct person?
I disagree with your blanket statement that the left always contests elections as illegitimate. May I remind you that the right won more races than expected this year and yet we see most election lawsuits coming from one side of the isle.
do you think it's a reasonable position that millions of people voted illegally? Clearly those people voted and thought that the way they were voting was legal. Is your opinion that even though these millions of people followed every rule they were given, and voted in a legal way, that their votes should now be nullified because trump is seeking to change the rules after the election?
He retracted it legally in court, but says he didn't retract it on YouTube. Who are you going to believe? YouTube, or the Courts? Doesn't matter, because YouTube doesn't carry the force of the law.
There really isn't any evidence of illegal voting attached to the complaint. Repeating the remote possibility of illegal voting is not evidence.  Like I said, this suit just repeats the hearsay of the other lawsuits already dismissed.  The burden of proof is a lot higher in the court than social media.
There is zero evidence of widespread fraud. The only misinformation is coming from conservative news outlets spreading this garbage. Find ONE court case that is turning the election results in Trumps favor.
Honestly idk if I would really want Trump again in 2024. He had good policies so it would be cool if he continued to work with the Republicans to shape the party but I think we need some new blood with a less crass/rude demeanor but it will all depend on who steps up when we get there.
Are you somehow being denied the same ability to mail your ballot in as the other people in your state who were given that option?
Because mail in ballots have been done since the civil war and have always been done the same basic way.Trusting the electoral system and fine tuning it when necessary *between* elections and not *during* elections is how the system is kept in check without guaranteeing some biased decision making.
I mean if all the Trump votes and all the Biden votes go it's between Jojo, Yeezus, and Deez Nuts
Was the sarcasm not directed towards your opinion that the MSM is incorrectly reporting that there was no fraud?I apologize if I misunderstood.
Two options, either all the judges and state officials in every swing state are corrupt, or Trump and his lawyers are lying to us
Rudy is full of nothing but hot air. Unfortunately it appears all these lawsuits are pure theater and a money making scheme. Law firms keep dropping Trump as a client (they seem to value their licenses) as there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud. 
Maybe, just maybe, they don't have the evidence.
>Are these judges corrupt?Seriously?A Republican City Commissioner in Pennsylvania is getting death threats for being part of the "DNC voter fraud scheme". This stupid conspiracy endorsed by Trump is becoming dangerous. His officials won't even provide information to Biden's pandemic planning team. Please stop making Republicans look like nut jobs. So what, poll workers, judges, Republican City Commissioners who oversee the vote count are all in on this? Seriously?
Because 60% of the donations for the legal fund go to paying off campaign debt. This is all a massive ruse to scam people of their money.
Honestly we need a Trump leader without the Trump personal baggage. I think this election has shown that people want Republicans with new Republican ideals without Trump's extreme personality.
When you start "adoring" politicians you are very much on the wrong side of history.This goes for both sides.
Adore? I'm conservative and I think he's a piece of shit. How in the world can you justify having him run again?
And everyone around you clapped too, right?
And applying Occams razor does not exactly lead you towards the first option, does it?
100% not. Conflict of interest. Dynastic leadership shouldn't be tolerated. When Ivanka posed for Goya, I knew it was over.
This is literally a perfect metaphor for why America is in the state it is.
>It would damage their reputationsTrump's lawyer is rudy giuliani, that ship sailed.
That's why every single reputable law firm that looked into taking up the cases walked away from them and we now have ghouliani leading the front
How do you feel about him blowing up the deficit in a great economy with a temporary tax cut for the middle class and a permanent one for the rich?
Trump [rolled back 125 environmental protections]( he overturned a [bill that disallowed mining companies from dumping sludge in nearby rivers](
Has more to do with Trump. McCain and Romney were treated with relative respect because they were good people. McCain threw out Obama's stupid birth in Kenya conspiracy out of the window because he's a respectable person. Someone who actually served the country in war because he's a real patriot. Trump endorsing the kenya conspiracy is horrible and it's sad Republicans tolerated it. Trump shitting on McCain is pathetic and is the reason he lost Arizona. Not voter fraud cases that are hyped up in the media but nothing in court.  Trump is treated like a monster because he is. I'm so afraid that future generations won't vote Republican because of this stupid shit. Lindsey Graham said it best when he said "If we allow Trump to become the GOP nominee he will destroy us and we will deserve it"
Ahh, Unity!! Alex Baldwin is disgusting, violent, and abusive. He's scum.
This guy only has a career because he pretends to be Trump.
But say that about a Democratic president and watch the cities burn
He probably secretly wishes he was Trump, thus the infatuation.
Absolutely disgusting. How are you going to ask someone a question and then completely override them and not let them answer it? You are supposed to want to get the whole story out as a news company right? Apparently not in 2020. You can't argue with people who have already been bought out.
Why did the flair user only tag stop?
Mail ins, provisionals and absentee ballots are signed
It was removed for every single post too lol even if there's clear brigading. What is going on?
This is getting to be a tired trope, that phrase has no meaning anymore.
Funny that was her fear yet she never mentioned it even once to the driver nor the 911 dispatch
She was in a drunk rage. When she woke up the next day and realized she called the police...she had to make something up.
Of course China lies. According to them, they have fewer cases and deaths than Indiana.
China lied and did nothing. Then our own leaders lied and many innocent Americans died. Fucking shame.
I mostly lean towards liberal ideas and this is something that I would agree on. Fuck the CCP.
Do you guys think Trump handled it badly?
OP seems to be omitting the part where the US administration eliminated the pandemic response team in DHS, eliminated the CDC infectious disease resource working in China, cast aside the pandemic response playbook left by the prior administration(s), and ignored clear warnings about Covid in the PDB back in January.Further, while the US is fucking around with self-destructive tariffs & ruining TPP, China just signed the biggest trade pact in the world with countries that used to be in our sphere of influence.  Twenty years from now, this isolationism and anti-science sentiment in the US will leave us poor and fallen behind, leaving china to run the world in our absence.
This is absolutely true.....also some countries did much worse than others when the digested the news that something has to get done by each country.I blame Jimmy for not telling me he had lice and then giving me lice.....so I'm just gonna let the lice chill in my hair and do nothing.We should have demanded more from our governments but we didn't get enough.
yeah china lied. but so did trump. he fucking new in february how contagious it was and how deadly it could be but he didn't do anything as to not raise a panic. he literally said this on interview.
You mean they lied about the virus that was magically going away this easter?
But we must forget how much trump lied about it...good Lord people if we'd started when he found out this would be over...mitch wouldn't even visit the white house because They ignored the plague..Somebody gave him horrible advice
Trump also lied calling the virus a liberal hoax, saying it would go away by easter, go away with the warm weather, and that the cases would soon go to zero, and then allowing us to have the most cases in the entire world, and when asked if he would do anything differently if he had the chance to do it over again, he said no. Remember that.
China might cause global pandemics and literally put religious minorities in concentration camps, but did Xi call Rosie O'Donnell a pig? I don't think so.Xi > Trump
In the eyes of those who live in Taiwan, China has bullied us for 40 years, with infiltration, division, military threat, diplomatic isolation, economic suppression, stealing our technology. And it got worse due to captalists and nations world wide enjoying low cost and big market in China over past 2 decades, at the cost of Chiese people's human right. Now they will use same way to corrupt the whole world, if you keep feeding CCP and Xi dynasty.
How can you highlight the lies of china but refuse to acknowledge the lies of Trump?Being a trump fan does not make you a conservative. It makes you a Trumper.
China lied and people died. Trump lied and people died. Both are true. Americans must remember that.
China did nothing wrong Hail China Praise be ChinaNothing happened China goodChina is our friend /s obviously
Then Trump lied and killed even more people.
I'm not a conservative per se, but I was amazed that the democratic-leaning news actually ran with that story. Complete bullshit.
There are videos of Chinese authorities welding people inside their apartments in January and February:  hard to imagine that a totalitarian communist regime could keep the outbreak under control since they just stomp on human rights.
I know people who currently live in China, they actually do seem to have the virus under control. One of the benefits of a terrifying dictatorship - they can force the citizens to lock down.
Work with plenty of Chinese co-workers. They absolutely have fewer cases than Indiana. It wouldn't work here for obvious reasons, but turns out that locking people in their houses and tracking everyone's GPS location on their phones actually does work on containing a virus spread
China instituted a draconian level lock down early on that lasted for several months.US completely ignored it calling it fake news and hosting covid parties.There was a fucking huge difference in government responses
I think it funny everyone is complaining how China lied. Yes, they wasn't transparent at first. But, they give reasonable amount of time for the world to prepare while they are locking down their cities. Meaning other country should be using their lockdown period to stock up more equipment and any possible pandemic SOP. Country like Taiwan, South Korea, New Zealand, Singapore and Australia have been doing great in such preparations. US putting all the blame to China is adsurb because they have month ahead of the countries I listed in preparation. Yet they just stand there like a moron waiting for the virus to hit their shore. After that they start to panic due to the lack of equipment and then convinently blamed China for it. TRUMP is really a terrible manager.
Glad to hear it. Americans need to forget their partisan divisions when it comes to the China threat and problem.
I wear US made New Balance shoes now, they cost a lot more than other New Balances, but you can feel the freedom with every step
3x1 jeans are fantastic, but could be quite expensive. I had inherited a couple pairs from my dad when the jeans got too small for him
5.11 jeans are by far the best. They are incredibly comfortable and stretch in the crotch. The quality is perfect and they last forever. Mine say they're made in Vietnam and Cambodia, but the company is very patriotic.
Continues to handle it badly. It's so weird that masks became a partisan issue, and now you have people on one side freaking out if you aren't wearing one 24/7, or if they have to wear one while in am enclosed public space.Could have avoided the shut-down mostly if people would just socially distance, but instead we have small businesses collapsing because some assholes deliberately acted in high risk ways and other assholes panicked and insisted on shutting down everything.People as a group aren't good in stress situations it turns out.  But it's unfair to put it all on Trump. People should be using their goddamn brains and acting appropriately instead.
He did essentially nothing. So yes, he handled it badly.
YesEven here in Canada we're doing better, and we don't have much more measures in place than America. A big thing looking in on the states is the existance of Anti-maskers, something that doesn't really exist in urban/suburban Ontario where I live. Our cases are mainly coming from multi-family households, LTC outbreaks or people intentionally ignoring public health guidelines. In America, at least from an outsider, it just looks like the general view on Covid is "sure, I'll wear a mask when I have to, but overall I'm just waiting for a vaccine/herd immunity". Which, while understandable, is very destructive.
He should've never fired and disbanded the pandemic response team either. At most he should've told the country to listen to the experts, doctors and scientists.
Amen. While it was still in China it was their responsibility but at soon as it reached the US it became our governments responsibility to educate and protect its people. Trump did neither and went out of his way to spread misinformation and encourage dangerous behavior.
Many Americans stand with Taiwan. We just need to recognize that the CCP is evil.
Absolutely! Zero faith in that organization.
China lied, and it's been a whole year. If you have a one night stand and catch chlamydia, and the chick tells you a few weeks later, do you curse the chick who gave it to you and call it a day, or do you also go to the doctor for some antibiotics?If you opt for not going to the doctor, then your dick falling off is entirely on you. It's not her fault.The soon 250k deaths is not China's fault alone. You can't just push away responsibility like a child. At a certain point it's *your* reality and *you* have to take responsibility. And in this case "you" is the sitting administration, headed by Trump. It's Trump making your dick fall off, Trump and Xi.
Murder people, abduct anyone who tries to report on what you're doing, and literally weld people's doors shut so they can't leave their houses
They're far from trustworthy, but Japan, South Korea, and actually most East and South Asian nations have been handling this very well.  Their culture isn't so individualized, and they had already normalized mask wearing well before this. Coupled with China's ability to clamp down, even going as far as locking people in their apartments, it's plausible for their numbers to be what they claim.
Yup, they've had in well under control since April actually. When I went (following 3 weeks quarantine), COVID had become such a non issue most people weren't even wearing masks.But that's because their government tracks where and when everyone is. If one person gets infected and you were in the same city a day ago, you're forced into house quarantine. And they'll know if you're quarantine or not. Pretty scary stuff but effective for virus control.
Trump did everything in his power to downplay the virus and cast doubt on scientists who call for more precautions. Obama left him a damn manual and a pandemic response team, which he dismantled because the sole purpose he became president was to destroy Obama's legacy.So no, this is solely the fault of Trump.
Im not even from america but how is it possible to be this delusional?
the US knew about the virus before there were even a hundred cases, and now the US has over 11 million cases, china had nothing to do with that, so yes its trumps and your own faults by not doing everything you can do to stop it from going from 100 cases to 11 million.
No. China may have originated the issue, but Trump has been more concerned with his own election this entire year than convincing US people of the dangers of the virus / wear a mask in public.  To be frank, I don't think he has a moral compass and is unfit to run this country.
Another liberal here. It does reach across the aisle somewhat.
Number one threat to the western world by far.
I am left and I hate China. They are getting away with way too much. Anyone I know that is sensible is worried about them too. The people that aren't worried are generally clueless all the time. Hopefully something that can bridge the gap between parties
Rampant fraud is another reason to avoid Chinese products. I bought corn seeds on Amazon from a Chinese seller earlier this year since there was a seed shortage due to everyone being home gardening because of the Coronavirus. I spent all spring and summer babying the corn looking forward to harvest and when I picked it, it was just regular feed corn in spite of the fact they were clearly labeled sweet corn. The corn wasn't even edible, it was hard, dry, livestock feed corn, I was so pissed. Apparently there is a fake seed ring in China, seeds are the perfect vehicle for fraud since it takes months to find out you were cheated, long past the return window. I will never buy seeds and an ever increasing list of other items from China again.Not to mention, [China has also been bullying and sinking foreign fishing vessels in the South China Sea]( People need to stop giving them their hard earned money and empowering them as their government does not have good intentions.
His contradicting the leading infectious disease experts and being an anti-masker himself is what led to the spread of anti-maskers. He had a chance to lead and blew it. Plain and simple.
Last I checked, many provinces were on the rise, with Ontario and Quebec leading the charge with record numbers being reported daily.
How is making states bargain for supplies good policies?
Policy-wise like when he out bid states for vital supplies and hoarded them while the country was in full panic? Or was it when he said not to worry because it would just go away?
Trumps policy was to ignore it and state that it would go away by Easter so that Dem cities would get shit on.  What exactly was the policy beyond ignore it and make it harder for said states to acquire medical supplies?
Yeah I hate that mean press making them feel bad about 70+ 9/11s
It wasn't flip flipping, it was adjusting recommendations as new information was discovered. That's how these things work. Trump did about the worst thing possible in demonizing some medical professionals while giving platform to quackpots that contradicted what was being reported. I honestly think his handling of this whole thing cost him a lot of votes from centrists. This should never have been a politicized thing, and agreeing with Dems about the severity would have shown he was more concerned with the well being of individuals than playing party politics. Bad stuff happens during every presidency. It's how it is handled that makes or breaks a leader.
The US has done horribly compared to other western nations and developed countries. Terrible leadership and another shining example why Donald Trump is a terrible president and con artist.
Maybe he should have been trying to fight the actual crisis rather than the propaganda war. Had he done the former, he wouldn't have needed to do the latter.
There is a lot to unpack here. Trump was briefed about the virus in December, some world leaders a but after. All in all they decided to follow different paths with the help of their respective medical experts. Some focused on herd immunity (Sweden) some focused on lockdowns (new Zealand) and some focused on.....just not enough....China has royally screwed the world when it comes to this pandemic and we better sure as shit hold their ass to the fire when this is over (though I'm sure it won't get done). But, in case studies that will occur in the years to come and the individual national responses that started I think we will look at the many countries in the developed world and see that the US has been near the worst. Maybe not the worst because France and Italy among a few others where surely pretty terrible but in the top 5 for the worst national responses. Now I don't say all this to crucify the country or really blame any sitting president as who knows if Biden or Bush or Obama would have done it any better because there is such political polarizations of every damn topic out there it probably would have made no damn difference....And that is the problem....
my man he did indeed say all of those things lol. denying it just makes you look crazy
He has a bad reputation overseas because Europeans do shit like criminalize private speech in one's own home
March 9th trump tweeted claiming that covid is less dangerous than the flu, significantly less dangerous. He told Bob Woodward in February it was dangerous. When asked about it he said that he downplayed it in order to prevent panic. You can prevent panic for a category 5 hurricane by calling it a tropical storm, that doesn't change the fact it is a lie. IF the number of lives lost due to china's lies are significant or bad, which is implied by the title, then that same claim should also be applied to Donald Trump. Don't get me wrong, Trump did some things right with respect to the virus, namely shutting down travel with china. But he didn't tell the american people how serious it was until it was too late. Had Trump been supportive and an example of wearing masks WITHOUT mandates, alot of his supporters would have worn them without the need for mandates, and that would have saved lives.
 [He knew the virus was more dangerous than he let on.]( ([Here is a video](  repeatedly said it was just like the flu and that it would "magically  disappear" when the warm weather started. Laughed and mocked people who  follow CDC and WHO guidelines. Told people that it was nothing to worry  about. Not to mention the disbanding of the pandemic response team Obama  had left him without replacing it. And then lying to the press saying  he had no idea it existed or that it was dismantled saying it must have  been someone else on his team who dismantled it.Downplaying  it is one thing, but straight up lying about it being serious is  another. any other president would have said something along the lines  of "We are facing a global threat, but we the American people are strong  and we will get through this. We have a team of medical experts  analyzing the problem as I speak coming working out a plan to combat  this enemy."Something along these  lines would show that the president is taking the problem seriously and  will do all in their power to keep America safe, this in turn keeps  people calm and assured that things wont get too bad. Instead Trump  acted like it was no big deal while America watched the virus spread  like wild fire in every single country it touched down in before it got  to us. With no assurance of a plan to deal with it, and no sign of the  President taking it seriously people panicked, buying everything in mass  creating massive shortages everywhere.By  downplaying it to such a degree that he did, to his base who lets be  honest treat every word that comes out of his mouth as if it comes  straight from the Bible, in straight opposition of what medical experts  around the world said and say. A large chunk of his base started to  believe it was a hoax, a conspiracy by Democrats to hurt his reelection  chances, and still believe that to this day. So these people who believe  that ignore all guide lines and further spread it and keep the virus  going. Over 246k Americans are dead because Trump lied from the beginning about  how dangerous the virus is to try and keep people carrying on like  nothing is wrong.
I just can't believe it with how China has lied/altered history in the past (see Tiananmen Square as an obvious example). Also with an estimated ONE BILLION human beings occupying their land, who really believes that they have tested everyone showing Covid symptoms (or even close for that matter). Not to mention that the focus on China is always in relatively affluent, higher income areas, not rural China...
West coast got hit first actually. First death was in Washington state. Assume that was from China but it could've been a cruise or something.Edit: I know this bc that's the day I decided to short airlines and it paid bigly.
Many things are not made in China anymore. At least we are starting to head in the right direction there
He did a travel ban to China and not universally. We then proceeded to get covid from europe. Then powerleveled about china virus for months while pushing antimask bullshit. So uh.. yeah.
Reassembling the pandemic team then that the administration defunded earlier would have worked for me. There's plenty of steps between "nothing" and "close the country down."
Not denying it and calling it a hoax for months would have been a good start.
I trust my government to do the right thing. Can you say the same?
Bingo! Profound mismanagement and incompetence on this front. They were forced to bid against each other. To this day he still has not utilized the defense production act. As a result we are again running low on PPE, and without  intervention will also have a shortage of vials and syringes when we attempt to disseminate the first vaccine. Completely unnecessary and unacceptable failure.
It was when he politicized basic public health measures and convinced half the country they were evil.
Brigaded by video evidence of him saying it's a Democrat hoax? Maybe you're just being downvoted for sucking the Trump misinformation dick.
That's exactly why they can't be believed. They definitely just didn't test anyone and let their corpse burning ovens work overtime to hide the evidence and those who would expose the evidence and anyone else they don't like that much.
Isn't that what trump wants to do? Not test and blame all the deaths on pre existing conditions?
If we are going to go the electric car route, we better start digging our own rare earths and copper as China is, by far, the biggest supplier...
Imagine thinking that Democrats are responsible for the politicization of the pandemic, or that Fauci ever said anything like that. It is truly impressive how disconnected this comment is from reality.
The fact that we have nearly 2 million more cases than the shithole that is India, 3 times their deaths with a fourth of their population is why most people say he did literally nothing.  He did so little, and gave so much misinformation that he did more bad than good.
...The dude hasn't been to a covid task force meeting in 5 weeks?
What is this? Are we just becoming r/politics where we dont have to argue any points?  Explain your points. Counter his argument. Dont be like them where all they have to do is yell "fascist" or "bullshit" with no need to argue further.
USA has 76 deaths per 100k population. Germany has 16. Canada has 26.
There is a ton of evidence to the contrary of that, actually. Masks work, plain and simple.
So Snopes, yet another fake news liberal propaganda machine criticized by conservatives, is suddenly relevant when it fits the narrative?Trump called it "Democrat's New Hoax", and truly believes that the entire world conspired to release a virus to unseat him. But That's okay as long as we keep the brown people out and drain the swamp he's expanded?At some point, his defenders really have to get exhausted from doing these mental gymnastics.
[Norway]( penal code states that those who are guilty of hate speech face a fine or up to a year in jail for private comments, and a maximum of three years in jail for public remarks.
Its because he doesn't have a point. trump ignored it. He said it would be gone by easter. he said it would be gone in the summer heat. over and over he has ignored it and this person knows that but doesn't care because 'trump=cant do wrong'
Not winning any PR battles with that attitude
And as a note, the place right now that's doing the worst on the entire planet per capita, is South Dakota.  Not exactly a democrat run city.
And this is why I voted Democrat for the first time in my life, and I despise Biden.  At least there will be relevant actions and science can be a thing that's relevant again.  Simply screaming FAKE NEWS MEDIA BAD!!! everytime someone says something you don't like and attempting to literally fabricate a narrative out of thin air is obnoxious.  Yes, Trump was good for the economy but he also inherited an economy that was already booming.  If he'd have handled Covid like a responsible, sensible leader the election would have been a slam dunk for him.  We'd be rolling into fall with 5000~ cases a day, instead we're pushing 200k. But he didn't, hasn't, and doesn't plan to.
South Dakota's Governor:  Kristi Noem - RepublicanSouth Dakota's 3 biggest cities:Sioux Falls - Mayor Paul TenHaken - RepublicanRapid City - Mayor Steve Allender - RepublicanPierre - Mayor Steve Harding - Republican
inb4 apple pulls a "Hippity Hoppity you are now evicted from my property" with Google following.
I would happily join parler if they didn't want my phone number. I get too many scam calls already, and I haven't given out my phone number to hardly anyone.
Social media as a whole needs to go away. People are not meant to communicate in the way that twitter and FB emphasize. Message boards and forums have existed for years no problem, but mainstream media require way too much personal info.
Idk, I checked it out and while there are some conservative names there, the site itself is a ghost town of spam
No offense guys but Parler seems pretty trash to me
I"ve had the app for a few months & I'm still confused by it LOL
Been using for a few days now, it seems like a watered down twitter right now with a lot of bots.
Do you realize that Parler is backed by the same people who backed Cambridge Analytica?edit : Do you...
Parler, where people from your high school use the n word.
This will almost certainly happen, only a matter of time.
As soon as they put the numbers on parler for accounts lost on Facebook and Twitter this was my first thought
I don't doubt it for a second
It is trash. And it will fail. The solution to big tech is not to "start your own Twitter". Sorry, it's just not the solution.
Agreed. They also want your phone number and ID. No thanks
Same, I have no idea how these types of social media apps work. The only people I see are the same ones that were recommended to me when I first made it.This must be what it feels like to be a Boomer
And when it does, we need to enforce the fucking antitrust laws on these authoritarian hyper-corporate scumbags.
Wanna know where our youth are being indoctrinated? Look no futher than social media. It starts there then continues in school right up thru college. If you look at the mental health of the average teen today and compare that to mental health of the average teen 25 yrs ago, todays teens are more depressed, higher anxiety, more suicidal, and are overall angrier. They have less on their plates, easier academics, participation trophies, hardly held accountable, never held responsible. So what's really stessing them out? In my opinion, I truly believe it's social media. All the platforms at their fingertips and never really having to explore life. It's like they are living a virtual life. It real to them but it's not reality and when they do get slapped with reality it's unreal to them. What I meant by easier academics I wasn't implying that their curriculum is easier it's how they have to obtain the knowledge. Today it's computers and search engines, 25 to 30 yrs ago it was a stack of encyclopedias A to Z and sometimes needing more references beyond that. Today it's calculators, 25 to 30 yrs ago it was a scratch sheet, a pencil and eraser. Just my opinion.
The biggest problem with Parler right now is there is no "all." Reddit and Twitter have a general feed so you can just jump into the general conversation. With Parler it's just a big nothing unless you already know who to follow.
As much as everyone hates Epic, their lawsuit against Apple is a wonderful thing and we should all support them.
They need to rename imo, newsmax sounds like a detergent brand
Like suspend habeas corpus? Kill 90% innocent civilians? Pretend to drink poison water? Modernize the Smith Mundt act so the government can blast it's citizens with propaganda?
Thanks, guy who authorized drone strikes on hospitals and weddings, for telling us what a dictator looks like!
No, I don't think that's true. I think he would do anything within his legal rights to make sure he lost his election fairly after four years of precedent where attempts were made non-stop to take him down. I do think, however, that if he lost those legal challenges, which again he has the right to pursue, then he would step down & transition to the next administration. I can't fault him for being skeptical at this time but once that window for legal options closes, if he doesn't come out with the victory, I think he'll leave.
Boy, that's rich.Kill people, throw them in jail, suppress journalists...? Lets see:* What President used the intelligence service and DOJ for vendettas? * What President used the Espionage Act of 1917 to stop information, prosecuting more people than all previous Presidents COMBINED? * What President used his DOJ to spy on journalists critical of his Administration, like seizing the records of 20 AP office phone lines and the home and personal cell phones of reporters, even tracking the movements of some. * What President used the FISA court as his own personal star chamber?* What President repeatedly changed policy in secret and without consultation with Congress? What President pushed through legislation that we were told even legislators didn't need to understand. To paraphrase Pelosi: "Pass it and then you'll find out." * And which President showed pure disdain for so many of the people he governed?
like buying fake dossiers from Russian spies to stage a coup against our duly elected government and remove an incoming president from office?oh wait
But orange man says mean things!
This is the shit that makes us look stupid.  Verify before you post, please.
1) He didn't get arrested, he was just accused of ballot harvesting *on September 27th*.  2) The accusation appears to have gone nowhere since then, [due to a complete lack of evidence.](  3) The author of this article seems to think he can sue Facebook for violating his first amendment rights, which is kind of not at all how the first amendment works.
This is the #2 rising story on this sub and it is an absolutely made up headline with a 45 day old non-story behind it. This sub is off its rails.
Where does this say he was arrested?Edit: I know it says it in the title and the caption.  I just don't see any mention in the article.
How do you collect absentee ballots from homeless people?  Inquiring minds want to know.  You know, for reference purposes.
From what I can tell based on other sources, he has not been arrested.
That's because everyone went out and bought one. Hell everyone has one now.
As I said in the other thread, Sidney Powell also said yesterday that [Trump definitely won the popular vote, probably won the popular vote in 2016, and it's possible he actually won all 50 states.]( would take anything said by someone making claims that bold with a giant grain of salt.
If the media say that Biden won over and over again, it must be true?
The other problem is the media collusion in hiding any information adverse to Biden.
>Voting systems company with ties to Venezuela>Venezuela implements election fraud/rigs elections in its own country
Did the article change? The title of the in no way matches what is in the article now. And looking at the numbers there is no way it was close to 6%, and votes were added for both sides. In almost all cases the margin of victory stayed the same and no results were flipped. I'm super confused.
Did anyone actually read the article???
First line of the article:>THERE IS NO evidence of widespread voter fraud in New Hampshire.Top comment:> That's unheard outside of fraud. ???
That's unheard outside of fraud. At most you'd expect .5%
This article explicitly says that no outcomes were changed. The recounts found votes for the Democrats too.
The article itself tells a very different story than the title does. Classic case of a misleading header...
And yet again, nobody read the article
ITT: People that didn't read the article
None of you guys actually read the article did you? Lol
There is no possible way that so many large Rep wins at local, state, and federal level would result in a Biden win, which is reason #1748 supporting Biden theft of the election.This should also mean Trump wins NH.
Click on link "unavailable due to legal reasons"....??
It seems that the poster simply didn't understand what the article was actually saying OR they are deliberately being misleading knowing that a lot of people will just read the title and agree with the results, as is evident at the top voted comment.
This is indicative of what is so wrong with this sub and conservative echo chambers. They only amplify the things that confirm their pre conceived notions, truth be damned.
This sub can only read things that are the length of a tweet. They only care about post titles.
Yup and so many folks making grandiose theories and statements based off the title alone.
Accordion to the article it was a transcription error, not fraud, the campaign was originally given the correct totals and notified the elections office, and it didn't change the outcome of the election.
Apparently not. And I think the headline is editorialized
 ... it's almost as if 450+ people upvoted that comment without reading the article.
They say that it wasn't caused by fraud... If that's true, imagine what happens if there is fraud.
Well the percentage could be higher in areas with fewer voters without it necessarily being fraud. But it still wouldn't bode well that in an election with fewer voters they can't manage to count the votes accurately the first time...
It's most likely not true. The article never mentions 6% so I'm assuming OP is talking about Dave Wheeler. He got around  75,000 votes so the 1,600 difference would be around 2%.
What fraud are you talking about?  The democratic candidates also picked up around a 6% increase in total votes.  The relative percentages were basically unchanged.  You clearly didn't read the article.
Did you read the whole article? There were a few dems who picked up votes, from republicans. Again, this only shows the process is working, and we should all be very happy about that. States aren't going to certify an election through a bipartisan committee if the metrics they were using, do not add up. They will do what they did here, find the problem, make corrections, and look into the incident to make sure it wasn't intentional and illegal.
How did this mistake benefit the Democrats? They lost and in the recount they again lost.
Literally the first line in this article. --->" THERE IS NO evidence of widespread voter fraud in New Hampshire. "It also goes into depth on the reasons why. Please read the article.
I live in NH  and voted R straight down the ticket.  And with all the Trump signs I was seeing, I'm surprised NH went China Joe Xiben
The amount of logical fallacies in your post is staggering. There absolutely is a possible way local elections and national elections can differ. You correlating two unrelated things does not support someone stealing the election. And the results of a recount for a State Rep do not mean the statewide election results should be reversed.If you're going to spout off about this stuff, at least try harder.
Trump was about the same as 2016....but Biden somehow found 75,000 additional votes.Hmmmm
The only difference between "election fraud" and "acts upon ballots, votes, tallies, and voters that unlawfully change the results of an election" is **Mens Rea**.Can you name a culprit and prove beyond a reasonable doubt that they knew their actions were unlawful and did them to influence the election? Chance are you can't. The people who did it will claim they were just following orders. The people giving the orders will claim miscommunication or incompetence.**Plausible deniability** defeats the *charge* of fraud, but not the *fact* that an election was unlawfully tampered with to the benefit of a particular party.
Reading through the comments, it seems some people did not actually read the article. They read the title of the post and it agreed with what they already thought, so no point in delving any further.
 *In Windham, after the recount of a House race last week, all four winning Republicans received at least 297 additional votes.**In the recount, one of the four defeated Democrats lost 99 votes, but the three other Democrats made small pickups of 18 to 28 votes.*You should read the article before you comment.
Granite stater here too. Despite living in one of the liberal strongholds of the state, I still see more Trump signs than Biden, albeit it's close, it's usually way more liberal signs in these parts.I don't know if that indicates fraud or not. But it's an interesting observation.Edit: I do NOT think that the sole purpose of "more signs is more votes durr." If the tone wasn't apparent enough in the comment, my point was that it's interesting to see conservative influence in a liberal stronghold.
I have a remote co-worker that lives up there, he said the same thing,  VT, NH, and Maine should have had Trump up by minimum 8-10 percentage points, which is further proof of massive ballot fraud since they also use the same Dominion system and widespread fraudulent mail-in voting.
You really believe with as decisive politics is right now that people voted Biden them straight republican for the rest of the ticket in large numbers?That is a stupid belief to hold.
regardless, just recount the votes and that will solve everything. i don't care if they find fraud or admit it. Seems like a recount will prove it and trump will win
IT's less likely these days because people can immediately upload any information online, or get it to guys like Alex Jones and Project Veritas.
Yeah, I'll grant you that. I'm just trying to point out that this isn't some indicator of some major conspiracy as most of the other posters in the thread seem to think. The number of votes increased across the board, and may largely be attributable to them spending more time vetting and agreeing on cases where voter intention was not explicitly clear originally.
Its anecdotal. I'd caution against using that observation to form any opinions of statewide results.
Which part of your post featured a single fact? I'll wait.
I'd think it would be slightly more proportional. With the 2016 vote at 46.8% to 46.5%.... you'd think at 20k jump for Trump would show an equally 20k or so for Biden ..maybe 30k. We're talking only 700k voted for the top 2 in 2016...but Biden got 3.75x more compared to Trump in 2020.Even Obama's 2008 run only had 700k votes. I'd love to see if the 95k+ higher turnout is consistent across the country, or only the states that were very close in 2016.
I live in VT. The rural areas are mostly for Trump. Unfortunately Chitteden county is extremely liberal and vastly controls our election results.
Don't use Twitter or Facebook to begin with.Already switched to Duckduckgo.We should add switching from Wikipedia to Infogalctic to the list.
It's illegal to run for a third term, though...
I can't imagine living in a state with a governor who tosses out EOs like candy.  I came up to MI for deer season only to have Whitmer ban indoor dining and bars (and indoor gatherings of more than 10 people, from only two different households).  While I was raging watching the press conference, people that live here just shrug and move on.  So many have just gotten used to over-reaching restrictions that they don't even bat an eye at it.The reason for the ban, at least what was said, was that residents aren't doing their part to stop the spread.  Nevermind the fact that when the weather gets cold, people get sick. Been like that since the dawn of time. I'm just over these governors enacting their will by executive order.  They've tasted the power and won't stop any time soon.
Because we are Americans. We share the American dream. We know how lucky we are to be in America. We share America's entrepreneurial spirit. We want to raise our families free from tyranny. The socialists do not share our values. Conservatism empowers us because the American dream is that only I can get in my way. Conservatism is the "Yes We Can!" mantra, not leftism. Leftism attempts to take that power away by pushing a narrative that "No you cant because you're victimized". Conservatism is optimistic and empowering, leftism is inherently pessimistic and controlling.I dont see myself as a "minority"- I may be brown, but I never really think about the color of my skin- because it doesn't matter or define me. The only colors that define me are red, white and blue.
Because most people are inherently conservative and just don't realize it because the media, schools and everything tell them otherwise People are waking up to this realization Just hope itw not too late
Well, it's because black and Hispanic voters generally don't buy into "woke" bullshit.
Dems: "Why do minorities keep voting GOP?"Dems: "Vote for me or you're not black. Latinex."
I'm Asian. They do this with every minority that happens to be a Republican.
You ever see that video of those kids in Portland at a BLM protest flipping off some random Asian guy because they thought he was Andy Ngo? It's pure racism and ideology, it's despicable.
Well, seeing as they've gone as far as they have, why not go farther?
Murdering people who won't go  along with the steal is probably next.
Please go to Vermont and Connecticut
Last time France tried to shut down the churches, Napoleon had to step in.
Let's see them close the mosques lmao
On the plus side, no radical Muslims will be able to behead anyone attending church..
Bring on the downvotes and self-righteous moral shaming for not agreeing with lockdowns and mask mandates.
At some point you have to let people make their own decisions. If they feel healthy and safe, then go. If they're not sure, then stay home. Easy as that. Just give people the freedom to choose and most people will choose correctly.
Napoleon was a child of the Revolution too
The last thing they want is another terrorist attack lmao
Its not the same, and im sick of it
Yes, but he was also a devout Catholic.
Well, maybe not "devout". My point was that when France tries to shut down churches, it doesn't go well.
Biden is gonna set similar violations. Just wait
I would have payed the fine in coin (euros have coinage and paper), and after handing over the money, mention that i like to lick my coins for luck.
Bet there would have been no fine if he'd been kissing his boyfriend.
Did the girl not get fined as well? They surely stopped there which is ridiculous.
He (the office of President) doesn't have that authority.
Mass non-compliance is the way to go. Sadly California is known for statism.
Which is stupid, especially if you're alone in your car.
Obama did whatever he wanted unless the SCOTUS overturned it.  Congress just sat on its hands unless there was a budget issue.
Not sure if you've been paying attention or not- but leftists don't play by the rules. They make their own up as they go.
I pledge allegiance to the flag.    Of the united States of America.    And to the REPUBLIC for which it stands.    One nation.    Under god.    Indivisible.    With liberty and Justice for all.
Lol i can just see this trolls flesh start burning as he reads this
This is also an indication of how shit Fox News is becoming.  It wasn't violence between antifa and "far right extremists" as you see on the crawl.  Antifa was attacking families.  Antifa was setting off fireworks at restaurants where people were eating.
As a left-leaning libertarian, I condemn this type of action and discourse, and I wish other leftists would do the same. These idiots do not represent us.
Only one side showed up with American flags and their families. Only one side showed up geared up for a riot. Hrmmm. Who are the baddies?
Anyone gonna ask Biden to disavow the violence and tell his goons to back down?
Lmao, headline tells it all. "MAGA March Descends into Violence."Hey FOX, how about "MAGA March targeted by latest liberal propaganda news outlet: FOX"
This is the reason I stopped watching news in early August. I can't take it 24/7. If anyone believes once Biden is sworn in we're going to have a kinder gentler nation and he'll do wonders for people of color, you're smoking something powerful. A decrepit, racist career politician and his divisive female sidekick who loves to screw over the black race? Buckle up. It will be more than bumpy.
Most people on r/politics agree with these thugs.
My wife and I are buying a couple of handguns tomorrow. P365 is what I think I'm going to get.Edit: I'm a dummy.
Terrorism: The unlawful use of violence and intimidation, especially against civilians, in the pursuit of political aims.These people are holding a sign declaring their intent to commit an act of terrorism.
Buy a firearm. Learn how to defend yourself with it.
Fox News has lost me.  This caption seems to imply that the MAGA March descended into violence with no help at all from agitators after the PEACEFUL demonstration as the day ended.
I am a huge freedom of speech advocate, but isn't the sign they are carrying illegal? There are a limited number of things you cannot say. These include: libel, slander, obscenity, pornography, sedition, incitement, fighting words, classified information, copyright violation, trade secrets...How does "Punch a MAGA", not fall under incitement of violence? They are literally telling people to go assault Trump supporters, and people are doing it.
It's funny because all they can do is sucker punch
See how all the lefties are silent about this? Fucking disgusting trash
Already building a sweet new AR10. Although I live in a state where the alt-left would be highly outnumbered with guns to bodies even in the smallest of towns.
Dads gonna be back from buying smokes any day now
"We call ourselves the anti-bad guy squad. Therefore anything we do is good because we're the good guys. We can't be bad because our name literally means that we're fighting the bad guys. Anyone who opposes what we do must simply be one of the bad guys".
Wait until they realize that there isn't a whole hell of a big difference between communism and fascism.
I'll never forget reading that Antifa wants to make a database of everyone who donated and supported the republicon party. Then several days later, saying that trump supporters should be sent to anti racist re-education camps. I'm mean really? How much closer can you get to tyrannical oppression? Radical left has become a parody of itself...
The media has decided that anyone that voted for Trump is a far right extremist.
They're still acting like Trump was just a phase, something they had to ride out until they could return to Establishment status quo.  With Biden appearing to have won they're trying to revert to where they were pre-Trump and desperately hoping the right-leaning population will go back to being sheep content to let the Establishment shear and slaughter them.
Yeah man fr, fox news used to be my go to news source.  Any recommendations for new news channels?
Just sounds like more peaceful protesting, nothing to see here.
> Hrmmm. Who are the baddies?The patriotic families, obviously.  At least from the perspective of the Establishment they are.  The Establishment is trying to destroy the concept of the nation and replace it with a population of people with no drive beyond "consoom product, prepare to consoom next product" and no attachment to anything other than the megacorps making said product.
Totally, flag and guns, and bullet proof vests just in case. You can't go to a rally without them.
He's so dumb.  They think that HE is a fascist, too.  They have said as much.
If this is what they will stand for then punch them back. Let not your misguided tenets of civility deter you from what must be done to protect our country, our union, and our way of life
We have footage of the proud boys attacking "civilians." Sorry we didn't include the part where the proud boys were provoked.-also the left
I'm a strong adherent to the CZ-75. If you run out of ammo you can just beat your opponent up with it. Sig's are top shelf though
I've got a 365. Decent kit, fairly decent CC etc
Some of them came here to say that these folks in the picture are right wingers disguised as antifa, trying to make the antifas look bad.
Same, they would be crazy to try this any place but in Austin. My neighborhood has enough guns and ammo to take on a small army.
The mods over there were banning links to Biden's own website listing his gun policies, saying it was "right-wing propaganda". That place is a joke and IMO only comes off as a place for people to circlejerk it off to guns and taticool porn. At least, that's what it has boiled itself down to, might of not been that bad a few years ago but 2020 has really done a number on big chunk of reddit.
Yeah, real perplexing... because there was a group of Trump supporters marching with a banner that said..."punch a leftist"...oh, no wait... there wasn't.Antifa is literally advertising their intention here.  And then they put their intention into action and you still wanna blame the MAGA folks.
Which subreddit linked to this one and said, "They run people over, but they are complaining about a sign?"No, we don't advocate running protesters over... unless those protesters are swamping your car and trying to break into it with the purpose of harming you.  We remember Reginald Denny and don't want to be him.  Is that "self defense" or is that a "terrible thing to say"?  Are we obliged to let people break into our vehicles and kill us?
Oh, you think so?  Here's what is interesting.  There was left wing violence PRIMARILY through the 60's and 70's.  We started seeing "right wing" violence in the late 70's until now.  But I think it still dwarfs the left wing violence starting the middle of last century from the left.  All of this violence in DC... do you think it will be RECORDED as "left wing violence"?  Because I don't.  I think that the people who "keep track" of this left versus right wing violence have been biased in their list-keeping.  I believe they do so deliberately in order to stoke fear that danger comes only from one side of the political spectrum.
r/trump is private.  Probably due to abusive left wing trolls.Why do you ask?
Social media raised these lost souls
Dad is probably MAGA and denies that he even has a son/daughter.
My dad went and bought milk 21 years ago.
These people are literally The Reasonabilists from Parks and Recreation:>The Reasonabilists named themselves because they believe if people criticize them, it'll seem like they are attacking something reasonable.
how is it not fascist to attack people that you disagree with and then call them fascists?
Fox has chosen to be the new CNN. They have become the very thing we fight against.
Fuck the lying media. Their coordinated attack on America will fail absolutely.
IDK.I think American politics is just toxic at the moment, left or right. It matters less if you're liberal or conservative, but more that you have a rational, functioning brain. Like, I love Sir Roger Scruton and Jordan Peterson, but damn Trump feels a million miles away from those guys and Sir Roger Scruton literally wrote a book "How to Be a Conservative." I guess I'm injecting a bit of pushback. If anything, Trump got played at his own game.I feel weird now because I'm more conservative than I've ever been in my life, but in the US I don't feel like I have anyone who actually represents me. I see big problems with globalism, I see big problems with academia being overrun by deconstructionists, I see the 2nd amendment and first amendment being threatened on a daily basis, I see ugly, modern brutal architecture everywhere, damn near completely cut off from our Western roots, fiscal conservatism is a shell of what it's supposed to be, instead kind of becoming a front for crony capitalism - so of course people think that free market capitalism is problematic because we allow people to shut competition out using the government, and this happens on Republican's watches.There are a lot of things to be focused on.
I'll still watch Tucker and still think there are SOME good people there.  But they did a straight-up Pravda piece the other day claiming that this was the most secure election ever ever ever...
I may be in the minority here, but I never considered Fox to be a great news source. It's still controlled by the same corporate interests as all the others, just with a different marketing approach.
OAN or Newsmax.  I still watch Tucker.Mostly, though, if you know who to follow on twitter you can access news easily online.
I will accept your premise when you show me Trump supporters marching with a banner calling to punch anyone else...
Agree completely. With all those violent hordes of Biden voters out there assaulting people it's imperative that you stay safe and take precautions to protect yourself.
Well, maybe they're being honest. We can only speculate how Trump would vote on segregation, but we actually know Biden voted to prolong it. Segregation and all that came with it really was fascist. defending him say he just wanted "orderly integration", but what's that? If they didn't desegregate the schools, African Americans would be at an even greater disadvantage because they'd have been stuck at schools with poor academics longer, until they somehow caught up enough economically to overcome that continued obstacle and move to more well off neighborhoods. But we know that education is a huge factor in socioeconomic mobility.So he basically wanted to put the horse behind the cart and force it to push the heavy cart up a steep hill. Housing integration efforts my foot. He knew prolonging segregation would hold *everything* back. At best, he doesn't have a moral backbone. At worst, he's a double faced and manipulative racist.
The problem is that when they punch (or worse) you they get charges dropped.  When you defend yourself the Establishment railroads you and does everything they can to bury you and destroy your life.  Look at how Kyle Rittenhouse is getting treated despite the plethora of video making what happened more than clearly self-defense.
/facepalmYes, their fists and poles and fireworks LARPed right into a bunch of Trump supporters in DC...mhmmm....that makes sense.
If its so obvious where's your proof?
Antifa: "It's us. We love hurting Trump supporters."Liberals: "Can you PROVE it's Antifa, though?"Antifa: "Dude, it's us."Liberals: "Conservatives, can you PROVE it's not Proud Boys false flag attacks?!?"Antifa: "Bruh..."
An honest to god single digit IQ in the wild. What an incredible thing to witness.
Actually I meant 365. I was looking at 226 all last week, though.
You know they made an Amendment allowing us the right to bear arms, right? It was a long time ago, though. You probably havent heard about it yet..
Wanting defense is disgusting to you?  You're going to really hate that we're getting our conceal carry permit, too.
What's fucking disgusting is ANTIFA attacking a woman of color with children at an actual peaceful rally. Get a clue
It is just disgusting when people on the right decide that they need protection?Have you ever heard of The Socialist Rifle Association?When you see people in marching the street with a big banner saying that they intend to do violence to you, what's YOUR reaction?
I bet you statists are excited to disarm Americans and imprison anyone for wrongthink.
Yeah, if those americans are violent and attack him, he has a right to defend himself. It's why the second amendment is pretty great. Do you think someone who buys a gun to defend themselves after seeing political violence is "excited"? Sounds like they're cautious and using their rights to defend themselves and their family after seeing calls for violence against half of the US.
Oh they don't need any help looking bad
And what are Kamala Harris's views on gun ownership? You know, because Biden is a walking corpse who probably won't make it 100 days in office lol
To be fair he might not know how it identifies.
I am in fact, a women. You had a 50% chance here and you botched it
You either die a hero, or live long enough to see yourself become the villain.
They were supposed to defeat the sith, not join them!
Fox Sunday Morning show today looked and felt like CNN
"Look at these antifa dressed up for a riot, they must be the bad guys"both comments below:"that's why we always bring guns and bulletproof vests to rallies, gotta stay safe and take precautions to protect yourself"
>We can only speculate how Trump would vote on segregation, but we actually know Biden voted to prolong it.As Col. Hans Landa says: That's a bingo!
Not a chance. Those are all keyboard commandos, they're not leaving the comfort of their houses to go protest.
P365 is what I carry. Great choice for size and capacity. Yall will love them. God bless America!
What are you classifying as "right wing terrorists"?Probably the El Paso shooter, right? lies our problem.
Lmao justice has been served. Well done
Now they are just Jar Jar. An absolute laughing stock.
Sounds like the people wanting socialism.
I follow: many many more.
Remember the Nazi flag at the Trump rally?...that turned out to be held by a Bernie Bro, who held it up in front of counter protesters at a Bernie rally, posed for a photo op, and then faded back into the Bernie crowd.
Except New World Order is a leftist/globalist thing. So when I read that sign I see it as a call of warning to all the ethnic useful idiots like BLM who don't realize the government will cast them aside the second they don't need the fear of the mob anymore. Maybe he was being racist but I suspect it was just poorly written.
Okay... well that is one idiot's sign.  And no idea of who was carrying it.Show me people marching behind a banner calling explicitly for violence against Democrats the way this banner EXPLICITLY calls for violence against Trump voters.Also...I know some REALLY  GOOD people who went to DC for that rally.These aren't morons and bad people.  These are your fellow Americans.
Let's have a contest posting videos of right wing and left wing assaults over the past 4 years and see who runs out of material first.
You might have to explain your reference there. That character is a nazi? I don't quite get why you're quoting him.Anyway, bonus article!: now leaning towards saying Biden was a disgustingly manipulative racist back then. It has been a while since then, but he's never apologized AFAIK or done anything significant for civil rights that would show he's changed.Trump actually made quite an effort to help African Americans, and as far as I'm aware, he didn't do anything to impede them.Eh, I think the other half of the country was tricked into dirtying its hands, and it will eventually be used against them at an opportune moment.  Then those who voted for neither Trump nor Biden will be held up as having all the moral authority, and they'll go on to act as such.
> Trumpism has you in fearThere's a bunch of people carrying a banner wanting to punch me in the face.But you got NOTHING to say about that, do you?
I think that you're just jealous that you wouldn't pass the background check.
He was saying that he was buying a gun for his own self defense. Not going to go shoot someone..
Probably because it's obvious he wants to take AR-15s and high capacity magazines and "weapons of war" which is bullshit because ARs aren't full auto so they're not weapons of war. Fuck Biden
Your jimmies have been well and truly rustled. Feelsgoodman.
Keep being the poster ~~child~~ boy for ever increasing home-schooling.
Oh, maybe you're new here. We're all nazis in case you didn't know. Well, I thought it was a good joke at the time, but now I've had to explain it, I guess it wasn't so clever.
How long have you had that chambered?
Gaslight someone else.One of the law firms representing Trump was targeted and doxxed and harassed by people through the Lincoln Project.  They got bomb threats.And why are you telling us to grow up when this banner has people threatening to punch us?WE NEED to grow up?Do the people threatening to PUNCH us deserve to win a thing?
Ah, ok. I get it now, but I don't really like even jokingly playing into that. It's been taken very seriously by the far left and used to justify violence.
Everything is racist if you don't agree, yadda yadda keep going and no one is going to give a damn whether they're "racist" or not. Way to delegitimize a term meant for actual prejudice.
Wrongthink.  Orwell had these assholes nailed.
What a load of crazy!Think people!
Everything is racist to these people. For once, I'd love to hear what these CRT loonies tell us what isn't racist to them? So far I've one seen one example from Kendi; it's indoctrinating children to see and judge color from as young as 2 years old.[ these entitled people are doing is diluting the meaning of racist (which is already bad enough considering that the word is widely misused in the place of prejudice), just like they did with the term Nazi. Literally downplaying real racists and Nazis just to try and get others to break down and be on the same sad emotional level they are at.
The title itself is problematic. Everyone should question everything, and it's basically saying 'I will shame you if you question this'. Plus there is no systemic racism in the US, racism yes, to and from every race, but it is not systematic.
You are right, there won't be 26 GOP votes.  There will be 31 GOP votes.  GOP controls 31 out of the 50 state delegations if they were to vote in the House.  Pelosi was relying on there being a Dem majority, but that blue wave didn't happen.
As an American, I think quite the opposite.  I would hope that ALL legitimate cases are investigated but also hope that our system is secure enough that there was no fraud and it was totally exonerated.
Based on what?Lawyers say otherwise.
Imagine being so much of a loser that you go on conservative subs just to troll
LMAO, imagine unironically calling a Republican a Nazi
I get my news from the Babylon bee. Seems to be on point most days.
It shouldn't even be called news.
You'd think msm would want Trump in office considering half of their content revolves around trashing him.
There is an email circulating that I got today calling for a boycott of all watching of MSM including Fox for the week of 11/15 to 11/22.  I already do that but those who watch might want to join in.
I mean, who needs cable/sat?  Just stream!
I hope.  America has had massive distrust for the media for years now.  Hell, most people I talk to anymore get their news from independent sources and people on YouTube.  One of the greatest things that could happen for our country is if the legacy media finally dies.
And not a single tear was shed.
Isn't cable in general already a dying medium? This shouldn't be surprising since everyone is moving online in preparation.
I would concur. One unintended benefit. Maybe people will now be left to do their own research and draw their own conclusions instead of regurgitating headlines (not even reading the article body)
They're just going to treating the next popular Republican the same way. Hell, even Mitt Romney was a racist back in the day...
So they aren't part of a conspiracy to railroad Biden in?
Who bothers to pirate the news?
Who bothers to watch the news?
Liberals: "It's really irresponsible of her to use her public platform to push her political views like that. Entertainers should stay out of politics."Also Liberals: "OMG YES COLIN KAEPERNICK!!!"
Liberals questioned election results for four years and it was fair game, anyone who agreed with them was hailed a warrior and champion of democracy.  Soon as the other side does the same they're labeled evil and must be destroyed.  Love that they think she deserves to lose her job over political affiliation.  Guess those of us with conservative viewpoints can freely fire anyone who identifies as a democrat now, too?  Wonder how they'd feel about that.
Anyone who takes the UN seriously at this point deserves to hear such BS thrown at them. For the life of me, I can't understand why we even put up this club. It holds no power in the world anymore. It's just a farce of what it was.
China and North Korea trashing America for religious intolerance? The same countries that outlaw religions and imprison Uighurs for being Muslim said that.
