I hope y'all are cooler than the bitches on r/politics. Just got banned from it for bringing up the Hunter Biden and media blackout bs.Edit: I did call anyone cheering on the censorship "bootlickers"....and apparently the snowflake Mods didnt like it.
Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
R/conservatives, for when you are terrified of the public being able to post to your content.
Hey, I was banned from this discord. Not sure if there was a misunderstanding.... the only thing I ever talked about was about shitty public school systems and propaganda i was given as a large assignmentEdit #1 no one else in my family uses discord
Funny how no one gives a shit about medical announcements unless its something like "Trump can now kiss kids" again.Please stop selectively listening to experts, listen to them all the time.
>just done with liberalsI felt the same way after being in r/politics for 2 mins
We do not have the same limitations as on Reddit, so people of all political beliefs are welcome to the Discord. There are private areas only for verified conservatives as well (if you have flair here just PM a Discord moderator to get into them).
Interestingly enough,  I've been banned from a number of the major subreddits due to their fear of having opposing viewpoints
Absolutely also best flair good job
If you don't we don't have your username and as such we can't ban you. Basically you have some other issue.Try this URL: discord.gg/conservative
Proof I know you're not on the server, because it's not like that at all.
It's r/lgbt and r/arethestraightsOK for me
I am not even American, but would like to immigrate to the U.S. (legally, of course), and agree with your suggestion
Thank you! Feel free to copy it. The more the merrier.
User has been banned from this guild...
Jesus that second sub is cancer. Not sure how that isn't considered hate. Even more not sure why I looked there.
Show proof or gtfo. This is the stupidest thing lefties believe. That the right (conservatives) supports genocide. You are delusional. Get help.
Who voted these idiots into office?  Citizens of Minneapolis need to engage and vote these morons out.  Voting matters.
Are ACAB people that dumb, what did they expect when the police was no more. For crime to disappear?
In a city that already had a high crime rate what did they think would happen when they defunded the police and the media gave people excuses to commit crimes?
I can see the apologists now, "These were 'mostly law abiding' criminals".Or how about this one, taken from the pages of common sense gun control: "These measures only work if we implement them everywhere, most of these criminals were from other towns where the police hadn't yet been defunded."And my personal favorite, "This wasn't REAL police defunding, that hasn't been tried yet."
Cause and effect analysis is clearly racist and to suggest otherwise is mansplaining.
No one is going to want to be a cop in that damn city now lol
Its almost like the police are an integral part of our society or something...
Cops: You could not live with your failure, and where did that bring you? BACK TO ME!
Minneapolis just voted today to cut another 5.9 million off the police budget.
Thank You Minneapolis for performing this study, unfortunately the only people paying attention to it are the ones who already knew what was going to happen, so a few more cities are going to have to perform this study before the results actually start being noticed
The circle of life for leftist ideas.
"Well guys, I mean, we at least need the police so we can arrest families for having Thanksgiving dinner, right?"
Well Seattle recently [lost a social worker](https://www.lawenforcementtoday.com/seattle-social-worker-stabbed-to-death-by-her-client/) to some guy who came into their office and stabbed her to death
Call in the social workers, they sure will be the first go into a dangerous situation w/o and armor or weapons.
I fucking love the Left.  You can't make this stuff up.
Good luck with that.Used to live in Minneapolis.*Used to*
Could you imagine if they had a conservative in the room to act as the brakes?Like instead of crafting and passing legislation within a month of the Floyd memorial riots, they came out and said > Look.  We're going to restructure law enforcement, but these things take time.  That's just how bureaucracy works.  We're working to fix things, but it's not going to be overnight.  We'll keep you updated with bi-monthly progress reports.  This is a two way street and you have to give us time to get it right on the first try.And then maybe a slow transition from outright law enforcement to community outreach efforts from police departments to build good will with the people.But no.  May, Floyd dies and June they pass hot garbage, and September they're shocked that it failed miserably.
Most Minneapolis residents are tripping over themselves to try to prove they're part of the progressive crowd. The city council will likely only get more progressive. This is also why Ilhan Omar isn't going anywhere. (I'm a resident...which may need to change soon.)
People immigrating from other states and countries. As the true Minnesotans sell their houses and move out of the city.It's been happening for more than a decade. Hennepin and Ramsey County have been constantly going to shit.
Not happening. I'm from far SE MN. I visited a buddy who lives 3 blocks from the Floyd killing. That whole city had a hopeless, miserable feel. Which is new. Grody ass liberal political signs rampant. It is no coincidence. Outstate MN is nothing at all like that blue, blue city.
Voting doesn't matter because its riffled with fraud
They got what they wanted!  Jesus Christ, Dems are so delusional and naive.  I think it's hilarious, but I feel sorry for the people, that live there,  that didn't vote for these idiots.
It was a peaceful couple of violent months.
Exactly this.  It isn't as simple as "re-funding the police" now.  You spent a year demonizing the police, supporting prosecution of officers for being present while someone overdosed from drugs he took before he was in custody, and then removed funding from the police department.If you say "oops, here's your old budget back, hire some more police to replace the ones who left", you're going to end up with a lot of unused budget money at the end of the year.  Nobody wants to start being a police officer in Minneapolis now.
But you can vote it out
Yes, they think there is psychological conditioning going  which somehow leads to higher crime - place cops in schools, people start to act like criminals.It will require a full generation or more of experimentation with defunding the police before it can be shown whether their hypothesis works or not, because you can't expect people to recover from the ongoing trauma of life in 21st century USA straight away.Of course, it won't work and any city that stuck to the principle would lose all of their middle class residents as they flee the rushing wave of crime, leaving a burnt out post-apocalyptic shell, but the fantasy remains alluring.
AOC, when asked what a city would look like without police, she said "like a suburb."Her logic was that police cause crime and you only see police in heavily black areas because of racism. Racism brings police to the area, and then police presence causes crime. The suburbs don't have that problem because police aren't patrolling the suburbs.Except...the police are there in those areas because they're high crime areas. The police aren't patrolling the suburbs because the people who live in suburbs don't give police a reason to patrol like that. They're not committing crimes en masse like these inner cities are.Her logic is so twisted. I don't know how people reach those conclusions, but here we are.
Here's what happened: Research showed that **bad** policing (IE sending people to hard prison for carrying weed) increases crime. This makes sense; if you make felons out of otherwise productive members of society then they are much more likely to continue committing crimes Now, a moron who has been coddled all their life would see this research and conclude that decreasing police would decrease crime. They don't realize that there are violent criminals who are just waiting for an opportunity to murder, rape, and steal. They've never been exposed to itWhat has been showing to work is **more police** and **less prisons**. Target the violent fuckers and serve the productive members of society. Stop locking them up for nothing
I forgot who said it, maybe shapiro, but it was along the lines of "there isnt a lot of crime because there a lot of cops. Theres a lot of cops because there is a lot of crime. That would be like saying the reason California has so many wildfires is because there are too many fire fighters."
Do you think Dems think ahead? There is a reason teens and know nothing college kids overwhelmingly support dems.
For real, the country is full of idiots, but atleast were spaced out cant cause any real harm. Pack them all into a city council hall and.. well...
As well as statistics. Those are not ok and a symptom and byproduct of a racist time.
I mean, there's got to be a TON of social worker positions open though, right?
I believe humans aren't fit to be packed into a city like they are, in a biological and/or psychological sense.  It is the source of all the hate and crime in large cities.A lot of people talk about the terrible conditions in the inner city, when the answer is to just move out, go to a smaller metropolitan area where these problems don't exist.  And yes, it is as easy as that.  There is a reason why the left is a party of hate.
I have not heard a more false saying in a long time. You can't mix up social and political problems. The government is here to fix political problems. Not to baby sit us, not to make us better people, not to fix social problems. Social problems are things the people, and small communities like churches need to fix. Racism, abortion, and poverty are not political problems, they're social. Now figure out what you stand for and go back to r/liberal *oh wait there's only 15 people online my bad.* Also how can you argue against past experience, and literal facts and logic. **You can't.**
If you don't mind me asking, where did you move to? I'm seriously thinking Hudson. Just need to get out of this goddamned state altogether.
Yeah I posted my own but ill add to this. Mn is a prime counter example when libs try to complain about gerrymandering, the twin cities and Duluth rule our big elections. You will find that MN is an awesome state actually if you explore but most people just visit those places.
White Flight will soon be illegal.
I have to agree. Play stupid games, win stupid prizes.
Sensible, level headed, adult decision making is not what modern activism is about. It's about fly by the seat of your pants and fox things as you fuck them up based on poorly marketed slogans
This is the scariest part about leftists imo. So many of them know they're wrong and that their policies hurt them but that doesn't matter, the only thing that matters is being woke and "progressive".
Yeah I was just saying this about Chicago too.  Lotta people bailing on that city.  Rough times ahead.
Most of them are just plain stupid
The rioters mostly come at night... mostly.
But Dominion can keep them voted in!
Eh i wouldnt count on it. The dnc is very skilled at convincing low iq/low information voters to show up in droves
We already have enough, thank you very much....
And, of course, when that happens, they'll blame racism and republicans.
It's racist white liberals who think that way though. Actual poor black people who live in these crime-ridden communities not only don't want police defunded, they want more police in their neighborhoods. Liberal white knights are here to save them though to show them they are wrong to want more police.
And remember what kamala harris said about them. They're stupid and make really bad decisions.https://www.air.tv/watch?v=zEbgxtN3SzqgyMqBMfnh7g&utm_source=ATVPlayer&utm_content=logolink
Isn't this what they wanted? Defund the police? What did they think would happen?
Fort Worth, TX.I have many friends that live in western WI and commute into town though. Popular thing to do.Export that MN money!
I personally moved out to Carver County. No need to be out of state (especially when you work in the west metro for me personally) when you can just leave the county.
My parents moved to Wisconsin. I'm considering South Dakota, Tennessee, and Florida in the future.
It's crazy how the Founders of this country foresaw people having knee-jerk reactions to events and then purposely set up our system to be difficult for people like that to change it on a whim. Unfortunately, every year these idiots are removing these safeguards so we get 'iNsTaNt JuStIcE' instead of rational response and debate before making a drastic alteration.
It's nothing new.  It's not like the people in the leftist model states of the USSR and North Korea believe the bullshit they are forced to swallow.  They just fear the consequences of wrongthink.
Maybe if your movement wanted additional funding for better police training and/or adding social workers they should have used a different saying than "defund the police" as that is exactly what they didn't want.
I am paraphrasing the language of academic progressives
Honestly though. Dont these idiots live in the top 1% of the world's economy? Do they have any idea how privileged they are?
Considering this is a New Mexican college student, yes.
Because it's feelings over facts in their world. They are trained to feel bad at perceived injustices and then taught to parrot talking points fed to them to fight for justice.
I'm not trying to be rude to you and I agree we need to find a reasonable solution. But if Minneapolis' residents want to defer to the most hysterical, knee-jerk reactionaries and cop-hating babies to make their decisions, I have zero sympathy. I don't live there, so it's really none of my business anyway. Wishing them the best of luck.
Follow Up Headline: "All Attempts to Stop John Adams from Spinning Have Failed"
I'm glad they kept the wig on for the burial. Just in case we forgot who he was.
I wonder if they voted for Biden, though.
CNN: conservatives are now digging up graves and harassing the dead
You have it all wrong... This is the answer to our clean energy needs , just strap the founding fathers to some generators  and that spin can be harnessed to power the entire country
I have an idea, hook them up to a rotor and stator... UNLIMITED POWER.
Imagine thinking the founding fathers are turning in their graves because of Biden and not trump undermining our whole democratic process and institutions that the founders themselves set up.
ugh,  babylon bee is a try hard.
Well they certainly predicted a horribly corrupt Trump-like cult figure:> They should look forward to a time, and that not a distant one, when a corruption in this, as in the country from which we derive our origin, will have seized the heads of government, and be spread by them through the body of the people.> The time to guard against corruption and tyranny, is before they shall have gotten hold of us. It is better to keep the wolf out of the fold, than to trust to drawing his teeth and talons after he shall have entered.
Maybe they can harvest his rotations as green energy?
I know this sounds not believable but I'm actually related to John adams. My family has multiple copies of books of our family tree that has been passed down through the generations starting in 1470, up to present day, and I've actually had it confirmed by experts that the writing in the book of his to show what he does are in fact his writing. Everyone writes a description of what their life is like and what they do in it. It's hundred of pages long at this point.
Oh come on, that was funny.
#TELL THEM SOYLENT GREEN IS PEOPLE!!!
I think you discovered the true goal of the Left and the Green New Deal.
I absolutely intentionally bought GOYA products around that time when that happened. Will continue to buy from them.
That's hilarious.  I have Goya products in my pantry right now.  I'll have to remember this and definitely continue buying their products.
My mom always loved Goya products and so I've always loved them as well, but would stray from time to time.  Now it's strictly Goya in this household.Edit. Misspelling
awww heck, don't forget to break out the cornbread.
I feel the need to do my Texas duty and point out that chili doesn't have beans in it. And I'm risking capital punishment here, but I actually prefer my chili with beans added. My cabinets are well stocked with Goya black beans for this purpose. May God protect me.
GOYA CEO is pro Trump. AOC called for a boycott of GOYA. It backfired and only served as a free marketing for GOYA.
And for dessert, their Maria cookies.
I'm from Texas, you are correct, no beans in Texas chili. Black beans and rice are a staple in our house.
How dare you. To the guillotine!/s
They also have a flan that is to die for!!!
Ellen Ripley. Though that was more a matter of prejudice against the person offering it to her.
Goya products have always been in my pantry and always will be, AOC can suck it!!!!
Regardless of guilt, this was probably her best option honestly. With how important this is, saying anything at all without a lawyer is stupid.
Supposedly she's had fraud charges in the past. Kind of surprising they let people like that run our elections.
She is not the mastermind behind all this. Still, would have been a glorious shitshow if she actually showed up to that interview.
They need to be put into protective custody.
Should be charged with election fraud
I'd secure bodyguards you know the left doesn't leave witnesses
Her daughter is involved as well.  I'd be leaning on that angle pretty hard to get the details.
AKA she will wait until Joe is president and expect everyone to forget, which they will.
She will have a nice Soros-purchased lawyer.
There's no probably about it. She did the smart thing here it shouldn't shock anybody.
This. Securing an attorney in this situation is the only move to make.
Yeah ngl lawyering up is not any kind of admission of guilt. It's just a smart move on her part, on its face.
Yep, the more high profile, more legal quandaries, the more important it is to have a lawyer present.Something like this 100% should have legal counsel and legal advice before proceeding with an interview or anything that could implicate anything.
Holy Cow. I knew about the prior fraud charges but your comment made me even question how she got the job. Is a background check not required for this type of role?
> Supposedly she's had fraud charges in the past. Kinda of surprising they let people like that run our elections.When the democrats decide to rig an election they want to use experienced experts
I looked it up.  Personally I don't think it's the same Ruby Freeman.  She doesn't look like the same person, plus if the age and booking date on it were correct, she would only be 44 today, and I think the election rigger is in her 60s.That said, if she's rigging elections now, I doubt it's the first time she's committed fraud of some kind, whether she was caught or not.
If she was convicted of fraud, I'd question the hiring process of that local government.
Well, in some cities, the election workers are not even fully literate.
Charges do not equal conviction. Innocent until proven guilty and all that.But I'm not going to put any bets on how rigorous the investigation into the charges was. You can't prove what you don't investigate.
I mean, is it though? My brother runs a jail in a neighboring county and they won't even accept checks from Fulton because of how corrupt it is.
One of these mental midgets will flip with even the slightest pressure applied. They need to start putting them in bracelets and perp walking them for all to see. Too many people know what happened and one of them will crumble.
I got money says if its not kemp or Raffensperger, its linked to blm/soros
Not a chance she will even be charged.  We no longer have equal justice and we should get used to it.
Yes, for our sake if not their own.
How about civil rights violations charges?  It works for getting past "double jeopardy" for cops.
> I'd secure bodyguards you know the left doesn't leave witnessesThe democrats are like the Mob and the CIA.....always kill the assassins.
Her daughter is the one who told people to go home, and placed the table at 8:22 in the morning where the ballots in question were kept, and is vid of her exceedingly suspiciously palming what appears to be a USB drive from Ruby
> The ballots were scanned, not "counted" -- a process done before the ballots were officially countedThose were tabulator machines. The scanning process *is* the counting process.> They were not suitcases, they were cases marked with tags and stickers to easily identifyThat's a fallacy fallacy argument. It doesn't matter what container those ballots were in. What matters is all of the *other* circumstances. Where they were, when they were opened, and who was around when they were pulled out from their hiding place.> If ballots are pulled out with witnesses around, they have to be scanned to prevent fraud"Witnesses" being people who *are not* election workers. Everyone in that room at the time was an election worker. There were no "witnesses" from the public, press, or campaigns present when these specific four boxes were opened.
You would be an absolute idiot not to secure legal counsel here, especially if someone told you to scan these ballots after hours. I am sure whoever her bosses are told her to handle them in this manner.
These charges show she was experienced in the job she was hired for.
Consider that being willing to commit fraud may have been a prerequisite?
They DID do a background check. All honest people were not hired. lol.
We all know *why* she got the job.  Some truly evil people had a plan, and she was willing to take the reigns of said plan.  This shit is truly scary.  I have zero confidence in our democracy at this point with people like Ruby and her fucking daughter in charge of things in a critical county in a swing state.  This entire election is preposterous.
Thats the difference. I'm all for bringing this to light. But just being charged doesn't make you guilty. After all if that was the case, President Trump could never have even run for office. If she as actually convicted, then the issue about faces and becomes insanely disturbung.
Public education has been such a success....
That's the big difference here that I don't know why people seem to keep ignoring. People have signed sworn affidavits. If they are lying, they can be charged with filing false statements. These aren't people just making claims on social media. They are making actual legal accusations that carry with them penalties for lying. Far more than muh Russia ever had as far as evidence and witnesses.
They want you to just get used to it. Don't.
I'm sure the spineless governor will pardon anyone found to have committed crimes "so we can put this behind us and begin healing".
>We no longer have equal justice and we should get used to it.You do you...
> We no longer have equal justice and we should get used to it.Abso-fucking-lutely not, thank you.
The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing.
We don't need these people to be suicided.
>Why not continue counting the ballots left over in the boxes and on the tables?They eventually did. At 10pm employees placed open ballots back into the secure containers ("suitcases", as Trump loyalists are calling them) to protect them from fraud. The media was there during this.And then shortly after, the counting resumed and the opened ballots were pulled out of the containers to be officially counted.
Not really, I'd want to hire the person who didn't get caught.
Which is particularly nuts if you think about it considering that means it really only checks what you did last election cycle... potentially allowing cheater to participate every other election assuming they were actually caught every time.
Just didn't get caught during that time.
Like any good criminal, she learned from her mistakes to not get caught until now.
If she did 100 and got caught only on 1, that is an expert
When you catch someone stealing or cheating, it's probably not the first time they've done that lol.
Just wait till the next batch, the new remote-educated are unleashed on society.
> And the pole watcher themself admits to NOT being there for an hour of their countingSo?
I said she was experienced. I didn't say she was competent.
This. Even the pros don't bat .1000!
Notice teachers unions complete silence on the fact that black children are rapidly falling behind others due to the lockdowns.Except where they try to block parents creating their own teaching circles.  They don't want anyone but them indoctrinating students.
The conspiracy theorist in me wonders if Twitter and Facebook reminded him that they do read and record his private messages on their "platforms".
Letting Clinesmith take the fall for the Obama admin perjuring itself to spy on Trump makes no sense to me either.The swamp GOP seems happy to cover up for Democrat crimes.
I thought that this was the "Kraken"...
I'm not an expert in law, but it seems to me that these quick dismissals are not good news. Are the courts refusing to hear these cases due to a lack of apparent evidence, or is there some other thing going on with how the judicial system works?
The Federalist had an article a week ago on how a court case in Nevada that week would finally present the evidence in court. It went ahead and the case was dismissed with a whimper from the media, left or right.I highly doubt that Trump has any shot. Especially with the college voting in a week.
Basically, the judge said there measures in Michigan state law for challenging an election result. Trump et al did not do that. Powell instead filed in a federal court to try to say there are problems in the state election, which isn't the federal court's jurisdiction. Even if it was true, the federal court couldn't do anything. It would have to be brought in state court.
None of this is a serious legal challenge. It's about money.The longer it goes on, the more donations to Trumps "legal fund".75% of this fund goes directly to Trump Corp.(The other 25c goes to Ghouliani and co salaries, to try to keep it going.)It's just Trump University 2.0
Essentially slim technicalities, no judge wants to be the one who overturns a state vote. Especially because everyone knows this is headed to SCOTUS
Good. Nice and quick so it can make its way through appeals.
Could have done voter reform.  Could have allowed states to start counting mail-in-votes prior to election day.
You don't have to be a leftist to recognize that most of these cases are garbage and it has become exceedingly unlikely that there is evidence of widespread fraud that would change the outcome of the election.
We're not leftists. It's just that there's a substantial number of us conservatives that don't support Trump's obvious falsehoods.
If you see any users with a history of left wing posts, send a message in to mod mail. You may not get a response directly but they will be reviewed. Our system is not impervious to bad actors and we rely on users like you to report them.
I know what's gonna happen. Biden will be confirmed as President.
Is he saying it needs to go through the state first?
Again, I am just looking for answers... Other than the obvious weight of the situation, how do we know it is headed to the SCOTUS? What needs to happen before any of these cases can be heard there?
>Essentially slim technicalitiesThat's not at all consistent with the [court's opinion.](https://www.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.mied.350905/gov.uscourts.mied.350905.62.0_1.pdf) Powell's lawsuit was dismissed because it was without merit on multiple fronts, basic issues like mootness, standing, etc. And it wasn't just the technical issues - the Judge also analyzed the merits of the lawsuit and found the specific allegations were "nothing but speculation and conjecture." These lawsuits were doomed to fail the moment they were filed. There's no case or controversy sufficient to warrant review by SCOTUS.
Nothing is going to SCOTUS. This crack pot is taking you for a ride.
Right. Except in PA, the PASC ruled that you have no standing if the injury/crime hasn't occurred yet. &#x200B;Almost like you lose both ways, and unconstitutional actions by your executive or legislature won't be stopped by your judiciary. Weird, huh?
Fear? I voted for Trump lmfaoThe difference here being: I'm not delusional or a Trump Loyalist
So Doc, what are you going to do when they swear in Biden?
Flair has nothing to do with seeing reality.
Agreed. And more importantly, President Trump has never been particularly conservative. This isn't /r/the_donald, President Trump's increasingly desperate attempts to cling to power, either to avoid debt, prosecution, or the image of losing is simply not important to me as a conservative.
Pretty much. If there is fraud, file in the state court, and it will remedy it as state law provides. There's no reason for this to be a federal issue at all.
Appeal the the 11th Circuit, then SCOTUS. Biggest challenge isn't getting there but is the stalling by the court since everything is time sensitive.
If it's appealed, all they can decide on is whether this dismissal is proper. Even if it was overturned on appeal, it would then have to be sent back down and this same court would have to try it again.
Probably claim to have a disease and Resign
democrats against democrats? Are you off your meds this morn?
The deadline for elector certification is December 23rd.
Congress counts the electoral votes on Jan 6th, which happens after the president of the senate receives the electoral vote certificates on Dec 23rd, which happens after the electors cast their ballots on dec 14th
So are you going to do anything?
Do you need a reminder for when Biden is sworn in?
It's fraud in the state election of electors. The electoral college is weird. It's actually not a strictly federal election.
Brooks requires a Senator to cosign the complaint (to my knowledge, none have agreed to) and then the House and Senate must separately vote and agree to dismiss the electors.  The House won't vote for that, even if a Senator is actually willing to sign the paper.
I have. Maybe you want to quote the part that you think is relevant? I didn't want to overload you with words because I was worried you'd miss the important parts.
From a practical perspective, what just changed?
Am I missing something, isn't the vaccine being sent to us from Europe? Once we get it sent to us, of course we should be using it and not sending it out to other countries.
RACIST!!!! America needs to be last! /s
Kinda pointless as Biden can just rescind the EO when he takes office.
CNN: "Trump Denies Vaccine to Billions Over Majority White Country"
The very fact that this is even needed illustrates how insane things have gotten.
I'm going to miss this guy (if things don't go our way.)
Biden's guy did not want America first distribution plan. So, it would look really bad for him if he ended up saying "I think we should officially give it to the rest of the world first."
No idea, wasn't this always the plan?  Why would we pay for vaccines from another country and then give them away without first keeping our people safe?  I'm kinda confused
Nothing. There were no plans for the government to give vaccines to foreign nations before meeting domestic demand, it doesn't and can't prevent private businesses from selling vaccines they've made to foreign entities, and even if the first two points weren't true, it could be overturned by Biden as it would be taking effect once he's in office.
I don't think he will. Stuff like this just makes sense. All countries are prioritizing its own citizens over other countries. Biden isn't as liberal as you think. Biden would be a Conservative in Canada.If Biden does rescind this, rest assured he will face backlash from both sides.
Lmao they would totally do this
Can you cite me a single article saying that the government (not private industry) was planning on shipping out vaccines before meeting domestic demand?No?Then how can you claim it was needed. This looks like 100% PR.
  **"Trump administration officials passed when Pfizer offered in late summer to sell the U.S. more vaccine doses."**[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html)Seems to me Trump has already fucked us vaccine wise....
  **"Trump administration officials passed when Pfizer offered in late summer to sell the U.S. more vaccine doses."**[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html)Seems to me Trump has already fucked us vaccine wise....
  **"Trump administration officials passed when Pfizer offered in late summer to sell the U.S. more vaccine doses."**[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html)Seems to me Trump has already fucked us vaccine wise....
The Pfizer vaccine that is mentioned did not get funding from the US gov't. So I'm not sure how executive order would be able to override a company's autonomy and forcing them to give it to the US. Not sure how I feel about that.
I think this is to prevent Biden if he gets in the White House from giving to other nations first.
It's delusional to think that anyone of note in America wants the virus to last longer. I disagree with the left on a looooot of things, but they are still trying to do what they think is best. They want to get rid of the virus just as much if not more than the right. They're not cartoon villains.
Your tax dollars paid for it.
Trump said americans gets to utilize and benefit from the vaccine they developed first? Yes, I hope that is the case.
  **"Trump administration officials passed when Pfizer offered in late summer to sell the U.S. more vaccine doses."**[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html)Seems to me Trump has already fucked us vaccine wise....
I'd say if the medical data supports that course of action then why not?  The faster we get "herd immunity" for the planet, the faster we can go back to normal
He wants to ship the rest to whoever needs it regardless of where they live. It's not like he hates the country he represents.
Like I've been saying on all the other replies, whatever the medical data deems the best course of action to bring the planet back to a sense normalcy should be the course of action taken.  Science should drive policies, not the other way around.
It's literally in the article to prioritize the producing country, so if made locally in Canada or in US, prioritizing the countries own needs and citizens first, THEN helping the other countries by selling, or giving it as foreign aid :"The model allows the country that produces the vaccine to hold onto enough of a supply to reach a threshold for herd immunity ("Rt below 1"). Beyond that, the model supports distributing the vaccine internationally, which means giving away or selling doses of the vaccine before it's available to every citizen in that country, Emanuel explained to Scientific American."This one advisor is 1/10 on the board and even the model he suggests prioritizes citizens of the nation developing the vaccine first, then other countries.Did you just read the headline and linked the article?Edit: just also defining herd immunity, straight from Google: Herd immunity is a form of indirect protection from infectious disease that occurs when a sufficient percentage of a population has become immune to an infection, whether through vaccination or previous infections, thereby reducing the likelihood of infection for individuals who lack immunity.Now why is herd immunity the sort of gold standard, and practiced universally when dealing a large subset of the population or the population in its entirety? There are people in a population, always, that are more susceptible to diseases of any kind, even with a vaccine. Or those who are unable to take the vaccine, due to potential complications with other treatments they have. Or babies who cannot take the vaccine but are a vector of transmission or even susceptible to the disease itself. It's not that we don't want everyone to have the vaccine, it's that everyone can't take the vaccine such that when a threshold is reached for herd immunity, the population is considered not at risk of the disease spreading. So if there is a surplus after the population is considered resiliant to the disease, then selling it or providing it as foreign aid where applicable is what the model proposes. NOT giving it away to other countries before we ourselves have been taken care of.
  **"Trump administration officials passed when Pfizer offered in late summer to sell the U.S. more vaccine doses."**[https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/07/us/trump-covid-vaccine-pfizer.html)Seems to me Trump has already fucked us vaccine wise....
I think Trump is doing it for that very reason. That way the Biden administration has to explain why they are putting foreigners before Americans. The left will probably cheer the Biden admin for "humanitarian" reasons.
The mods are deleting comments because who the fuck knows why. The article specifically says that they'd only start shipping out vaccinations when herd immunity is reached which is the definition of meeting domestic demand.
I'd say if the medical supports doing such an action then it probably would be a good idea, if the whole world doesn't get "herd immunity" then the infection will just come back.
What medical data are you referring to?  Like I said, if the facts, not opinion or media, support it as a good course of action, then what's the problem?
Eradicating it from the world is the best defense. Otherwise it mutate abroad and run the risk of getting it back into the country.
What science is that?  As in, what are your sources?  Additionally, did we learn nothing from the Spanish Flu of 1917?  We ended it by quarantining.
So it isn't about facts?  If that's your viewpoint then you're entitled to it, but given that as a fact, I have no further interest in debating you.
He doesn't understand what herd immunity means.
tbf, her argument was pretty specious. I'm all for the supposition that where there is smoke, there's fire, but she's basically alleging a multi-state, multi-elected official arson conspiracy with very little to go on as far as hard evidence
Anybody know why it was dismissed? Wonderful reporting didn't seem to mention that. Unless of course, I miss it
Honest question here.  Is anyone else seriously concerned that regardless of the outcome, this election tampering and election fraud isn't going get resolved long term?  The behavior we have seen here isn't the actions of a small few.  This behavior is coordinated and widespread.  I find it frightening that so many people regardless of political leanings, would accept such an attack on one of the most fundamental parts of our system.  We have people in our country that genuinely hate the freedoms we have even though doing away with those freedoms would also adversely affect themselves.  This a level of insanity that is hard to grasp.  I don't think this kind of stupid can be fixed.
Based on laches again, what an injustice. The judge ignored the evidence and should resign from office.
Laches again, which is dumb and incorrectly applied.
You have to state a claim on which relief can be granted before the judge can look at evidence. The judge essentially said, "Even if everything you say is true, I can't do anything about it."
In the article they have the transcripts of what was said in the court room. You won't hear the audio, but you can at least read the back and forth communications. (it's on the last few pages of the PDF)
Was it latches? It sounds like a 12(b)(6) failure to state a claim to me. He says it's outside of the purview of a federal judge's authority to overturn a state's election results. So he means that even if there was fraud (which the judge clearly does not think exists), he would be constitutionally unable to do anything about it. It's up to the state.
yeah, correct me if I'm wrong, but they are essentially just saying, "You didn't bring this soon enough and we don't have time or know how to provide relief if what you're alleging is true"  right?
You should be mad. If they ever find evidence, nobody will listen because these three morons have cried wolf everyday for a month.
Yeah, I think it's pretty clearly a sign of "Fuck, I don't wanna deal with this" than anything else
Wood is a life long Democrat who has never voted in a Republican primary and donated to the obamas.
I'm always worried about jinxing it too but so many of our side seems to be letting the feelings of defeat take over so I try to spread good vibes and keep our soldiers moral up.
That article confirms what I said. Did you even read it?
So... no voting record and conservative donor for 4 years telling republicans not to vote. Got it.
Racism is bad unless you are a democrat. Then it is just a way of life.
Days since a member of the squad said something anti-semitic: 2, I think
She should have never been able to get elected.....
I wonder if they've ever denounced anti-semitism or islamic terrorism.
It's not anti-semitic to criticize Israel.   Source: American Jew who criticizes Israel on the reg.
Many democrats are anti semitism Tlaib,Iihan,aoc,etc
She should be removed from America for being a toxic bitch
Yo, not supporting Isreal is not antisemitism
You've gotta be under 7 years old to think anti-israel is synonymous to anti-jewish. Israel is responsible for many war crimes and human right violations. Stop blowing hot air in each other's mouths.
Can anyone explain how being Anti-Israel means Anti-Semitic? One is a nation. The other is a faith.
Is being anti-Israel the same as being anti-Semitic? There is blood on both sides of that conflict. This seems more like political grandstanding to Evangelicals.
Although I think she crossed a line, people are acting like dressed up as Hitler and invited a Jewish lobbying group to dinner in a gas chamber lol.Opposing Israel's policies and very frequent UN violations against Palestinians and the Palestinian territory is not the same as hating on the Jewish religion, as much as Israel tries to make them one in the same. If people here are treating any discussion of Israeli crimes or violations against Palestinians or Palestine, then those of you have inadvertently fallen prey to Israel's lobbying efforts to make you see it as simply a religion and not a country with its own foreign policy goals.This is no different than the left using racism for everything. Israel just does it with religion. But I'll see the same people complain about Iran or Saudi doing the same thing with Islam.On the one hand, it's super refreshing to see a resurgence of actual conservatives on the sub who are thinking about conservatism as an ideology and not as a platform for Trumpism. On the other hand, it's making the Trump loyalists who know nothing of conservatism stand out like a sore thumb. Some guy in the Dominion case dismissal thread was just saying how its about time Kavanaugh and Gorsuch pay their dues and declare Trump the winner of the election. Like, do these idiots even have slightest conception of what conservatism is and how it's adopts an original perspective to the law and is against judicial activism? Do they even care that conservatism values the separation of power and keeping our institutions beheld to tradition?For Christ's sake. The happier I get about seeing more conservatives identify as conservatives and not Trump fanatics the more it annoys me to see so many idiotic comments. *Hur durr stupid infiltrating liberals are downvoting my **!!!TRUMP 2028 2032 2036!!!** comments* No. Conservatives are downvoting you because you don't know what the fuck conservatism actually cares about.Sorry for the rant. It was building up.
This is far beyond simple SJW campus racism.   > [The lawmakers gave remarks alongside speakers such as Tarek Hamoud, executive director of the Palestinian Return Center, which has reportedly been linked to Hamas.](https://www.algemeiner.com/2015/07/21/un-approves-hamas-linked-palestininian-group-that-celebrated-kidnapping-of-israeli-teens/)    This is straight up U.S. elected officials spreading the cause of operational terrorists.
Also, it helps to target approved groups, which means white, Jewish, and/or Asian individuals, especially if they happen to be heterosexual males.
Like... to reporters? Or in general? Because in general... you need to be in the minutes column not days.
So in your mind is it possible to criticize of the state of Israel without being antisemitic?
The fact that her, Omar, and Cortex were elected (and re-elected) is but a symptom of the complete rot that American society is undergoing, with no signs of slowing down.
It's all part of the plan. The Muslims in Dearborn are doing exactly what they're meant to do. Just like the Somalis in Minnesota voting for Omar. You dont think they were settled there because it's so mich like their homeland do you? And of course there's the Hispanics that have flipped the Southwest/California and are working on Texas. Demographics are destiny and the left fully embraces it. Bring in countless millions of people to a country who have no connection to it, teach their children to hate it, and in a few generations you'll be able to destroy that country and/or implement your radical ideology.
Out and proud? In that case, can you provide me with a quote showing anti-semitic language?
Well, no.  Her support for terrorism was one of the reasons Democrats elected her in the first place.Now it just becoming known to the general public.
Do you have quotes for what they have said to disparage Jewish people?
Racism is ok against them Jews and conservative fake black people on the left. If you think BLM and antifa burning down your local police precinct is maybe not so good, racist!!!
You literally just did exactly what the article is condemning her for doing. Be better.
*paleA pail is a bucket.
Give me an example of Trump being blatantly racist or anti semitic or in any way verbally discriminatory towards any race. Also cite your sources.
Translation: TRUMP TWEETED SOMETHING THAT HURT MY FEELINGS SO THEREFORE ANTI SEMITISM DOESNT MATTER AT ALL!! AND IF YOU DISAGREE WITH MY FEELINGS YOUR A BIGOT!!
The same party whose politicians were sponsored by a group called Mitfah for their trip to "Palestine" - a nation that does not legally exist, because they don't want to be associated with the Jewish nation of Israel. Miftah's own website describes [suicide bombers](http://www.miftah.org/Doc/Reports/2006/Jul05MHC2k6.html) as simply 'resistance fighters'. They ran a report on their website in 2013 [accusing Jews of using the blood of Christians for passover](https://www.timesofisrael.com/palestinian-nonprofit-apologizes-for-blood-libel-article/), which is a common nazi/white nationalist accusation against Jews. Miftah [even openly promoted white nationalist material on its website](https://www.splcenter.org/fighting-hate/intelligence-report/2007/arizona-state-rep-candidate-russell-pearce-distributes-article-neo-nazi-national-alliance), which Tlaib and Omar would not disavow. Tlaib and Omar even [openly displayed antisemitic, holocaust-denial artist's cartoons on their social media](https://pbs.twimg.com/media/ECQp14LXoAIJXgu.jpg:large), the artist came in second place in Iran's International Holocaust Cartoon Contest.  The left panders to white nationalist organizations, holocaust deniers, terrorist supporters, want to constantly paint their enemies as 'deplorables' which is a dog whistle for 'undesirables' while using intimidation, silencing tactics, and outright violence against their opposition. We've seen all of this before from political parties that want to nationalize socialist policies.
There is a difference between opposing policies and calling for genocide.
Absolutely, as we should considering how much we fund that country, but theres a right way and a wrong way to criticize Israel
Would you say that comments that Omar has made are normal political criticisms of a country?
Wow, this is some of the most xenophobic shit I have ever seen on Reddit. These people are your countrymen, they have gained citizenship, just like your immigrant ancestors did too. If there are changing demographics in these areas, it is because America is changing, in both parties. But you are choosing to stay behind.
Say what you want, but that nasty bitch is a stain on this country.
Isn't Israel doing the same to Palestinians ?
I'm arguing labeling her that based on her being Somali is no different than her being anti Semitic.If she is corrupt and immoral because she's corrupt and immoral fine.
Everyone knows you have to drone strike children to get that
Lmao, wiki knows all. Biden was for segregation in schools and has personally said many racist comments, but somehow he's not racist and Trump is... I thought people change and shouldn't be looked down upon for their past mistakes or does that only apply to Democrats? All of those accusations listed in that wiki article are speculative at best. If you think that stating that some illegal immigrants from Mexico are rapists is racist, you're stupid. Statistically it's an absolute. He also said that some were good people. There are alot of violent criminals involved in Mexican cartels coming from our neighbors to the south. It's not racist to state that there are bad people in a country just because that country isn't "white". Most things in that article were from long ago, and even still in those situations it is not racist, unless you think that racism has a completely different definition than the one in all dictionaries. Believing in a stupid conspiracy theory isn't racist either. Two court cases regarding Trump's real estate regulations and shit being racist had one settled with no guilty verdict and one dropped with no guilty verdict. All of those things in that article were absolutely absurd. Nice try though. Biden has had more racist things come out of his mouth directly than people say Trump said, but can't prove in any way, shape, or form.
Also, what does being a businessman have to do with whether or not he's racist? So just because he is a billionaire businessman he's automatically racist? Your logic doesn't make sense to me, could you explain what you mean?
Yeah it's not calling for genocide just get rid of Israel
Using Hamas slogans calling for the destruction of the state of Israel is definitely the wrong way. Just like using Nazi slogans would be the wrong way to criticize the state of Poland.The right way would be saying Israel needs to change policy A for reasons B and C, and possibly replace it with policy D. Or action E was wrong and its perpetrators should face justice under the law.
I dont think you're asking me in good faith.  https://www.adl.org/resources/fact-sheets/response-to-common-inaccuracy-israel-critics-are-anti-semites.  This is a good article.  Alleging American Jews have a secret allegiance to Israel like Ilhan Omar has is not the right way, it doesnt even make sense considering US Jews have a lower opinion of Israel than evangelicals have
You realize this is the slogan of a terrorist organization, yes?
Did he say I support the fact that this guy said white power, or did he simply retweet a statement from that guy that had absolutely nothing to do with when the guy said white power?
No different than saying people in Israel are money grubbing selfish people. See how wrong it sounds. If it's not acceptable about one group it's not acceptable about all groups.
At least you tried to back up the claim, but this in no way proves that Trump is racist, lmao.
Yup and he's taken back the tweet stating he didnt hear the guy, and he didn't retweet the video because of the guy shouting white power. This is not Trump being racist, lmao.
cause israel won the war, then they said they'd let palestein have some teritory and then palestine attacked them and lost it again. so, really sucks to be them (\^ \_ \^)
He claims he didn't hear the guy and has since refuted this. He has condemned white supremacy and white nationalism multiple times since this video was retweeted. Your people say that people grow and learn from their mistakes when people like Jimmy Kimmel get called out for doing blackface, so why does this logic not apply to a person who, immediately after retweeting, took it down and apologized and claimed that had he heard the guy say it he wouldn't have shared it. This is hardly proof of someone being racist and if this is the best you got then you should go ahead and call it quits.
[And Asian Indians used a symbol similar to the Nazi swastika for centuries before Hitler rose to power](https://theculturetrip.com/asia/articles/swastika-symbol-india-represent/)When a horrible ideology adopts an otherwise innocuous phrase or symbol, it twists and turns it into something ugly.For example, the phrase "It's ok to be white" is a surefire way to trigger leftist outrage, despite there being absolutely nothing wrong with the phrase itself.  Only because of organizations they perceive to be white supremacists have adopted it as a mantra do they see a problem with it.[Also of note, Israel isn't using hospitals and schools as staging areas for launching missiles, requiring PhD levels of surgical countermeasures](https://www.channel4.com/news/factcheck/factcheck-hamas-civilians-human-shields)Any military that uses civilians as shields should rightfully be condemned on the world stage.  Whether those civilians are there willingly or not.  The military has a responsibility to defend non-combatants, not the other way around.And basing your strikes from civilian buildings are the tactics of those who know they're in the wrong but wish to engender public sympathy for their cause.
Stop justifying classifying a group of people based on the actions of one. Or assuming based on their race/religion or country of origin anything about them.She's a corrupt anti Semitic piece of crap human because she is. Not due to anything else.Edit: stop being determined to die on this hill. What you said was wrong and is no different than her anti Semitic actions.
Lmao, all of that is absolute garbage. Way to provide nonsense dressed as racism and bigotry. You really are reaching to try and paint a guy who's done more for the black community in the past 4 years than Obama did in all his years in politics.
Islam never stops - it's only about controlling Jerusalem so the Muslims can convert all the temples and churches into mosques. No other reason they want the land the Jews have. And I think even regular Israeli's tend to be against the Zionist regeime from the ones I've met and encourage a more secular government which is good for everyone. Might get some harmony in the middle-east with more secularism
People here in Israel don't define Zionism as Religious. Most are secular or don't actively practice outside holydays/kosher food/etc. Zionism is defined as Jewish Nationalism (that's it).
Hahaha, at least they were ALL alive...
Man the bee is freaking amazing.
The Bee has surpassed every mainstream comedy product out there.
It was just a nice area of kids bro trust me bro
Santa is gunna run out of coal this year lmfao
How in Hell do these people manage to keep making me laugh out loud. The Onion stopped being funny years ago.
Fact checker: The ballots showed up around 4:00 a.m. while the middle of the night was exactly at 2:11 a.m.FALSE - some liberal website... probably
Yeah r/politics just has articles with misleading headlines on their front page.
Double secret probation has now taken effect.
Good thing I pretty much stay in one room all day anyways.
Hell yes. Babylon Bee is taking over this sub and I am HERE for it.
As long as i can eat out at the French Landry with 10 friends, it should be ok.
Which is what most people in his Bay Area live in, for $2800 a month
... and I do not miss those outside tents
Wow, a glimmer of hope in a wasteland of liberal hell.
Kern County, Riverside, Orange County all now have had sheriffs stand up to this BS. I believe a Sacramento Sheriiff said the same. Meanwhile LA is getting rid of police and hiring social workers to be future stabbing victims.
Spend all of 2020 trying to defund the police and call them thugs and brutal racists. Expect police to spend 2021 locking people in their homes. Makes very little sense to me
Not sure why people think that they can trust the State with a man that slept with his best friend's wife.
Thank god that there are still some people in government that believe in the Constitution!
This is what I hope will happen if the progressives ever try a gun confiscation.
What is even the fucking point of curfews? To my knowledge they do nothing to reduce covid.
Punishing law abiding citizens is the core function of the California state government, they won't understand a word of this.
Newsome is a POS as is every Socialist Democrat.
In Orange County, the Sheriff basically said the same thing on their Facebook page. It's time for our law enforcement to stand behind it's citizens and not pander to political whims.
Although I live in shit state we still have some red left in us
So nice that I can walk around naked and poop on the sidewalk here. Took my morning constitutional by their office
Imagine if Trump ever blackmailed, bullied, or used muscle against anyone. Remember when Trump had to disperse the protest in Washington DC so he could take a picture in front of that church? The dems went nuts claiming this same thing! Such hypocrites.
I love these based Sheriffs. But wonder, can Newsom punish them for disobeying him?
Bet they still won't clean up Skid Row. Even as a "social worker"
Future stabbing victims, harassment, and stalking
Probably the same way people voted for a guy that called his own daughter a "piece of ass"
The minute they start seriously considering that, the Democratic party loses half their base. They knew that, it'll never happen, nobody is trying to take your damn guns away.
Conditioning by the Government to make you more and more compliant and numb to your freedoms.
You know what's really shitty is that when everything does 'open back up' in places like CA, NY, and NJ, there literally won't be much of anything to have a grand re opening for.We are practically handing the middle class wealth to the Walton's, Newsom's, and etc. This is insanity.
How do curfews even make any logical sense? Seems like they just squeeze business hours and would create more viral spread.
Carry on about your life and find out. Newsom can suck it.
What does my comment have anything to do with President Trump?  Are progressives NOT talking about gun confiscation?!?
it's retarded. COVID doesn't exist only between 10pm and 5am
Trump is all they can focus on. TDS is a very real thing
The operative word is "claims" - not "evidence". How many "claims" were there of Russian collusion? Did that make it real? Amistad Project is welcome to show all the evidence I'm sure they're keeping just behind that door over there.
The liberals will claim "it's not enough to swing the election". ;))
But his cabinet picks are amazing! It's Obama 2.0! /s
The fraud is evident no matter how you look at it. Letting this go unchecked and unchanged will forever change voting.
Not going to change the election
Russian collusion was investigated for three years.  The same people are trying to prevent even having a proper investigation.
This is the crux of the matter: don't claim that the election will be overturned when the court cases that haven't happened yet.
The key word here is "claimed" you can claim that every vote for a candidate is fraud but unless you can prove it, it's worthless. Hopefully with enough evidence we'll see something come of all the litigation.
* "NO EVIDENCE!"* "Sorry, sweatie, this was already debunked 2 weeks ago"
Close, the actual quote is: "We have put together, I think, the most extensive and inclusive voter fraud organization in the history of American politics."
a "fraudian" slip, if you will
don't forget "i don't need you to get me elected, i need you once i'm elected"  i mean.. who says that to voters?  really?  The whole purpose of voting is because you need people to vote for you.. unless of course...  you already know the outcome.
Yep. I voted for the first time this year, and it will probably be my last time. I just don't trust the system anymore.
SCOTUS is likely to pass on granting Cert to hear it if it gets that far. It falls too closely under political questions doctrine
The report stated there was a lot of evidence, it also stated that subjects actively obstructed and misled the investigators, and it declined comment on criminal charges for a sitting president.No criminal charges doesn't mean no evidence.
Evidence please, why does Trump keep losing lawsuits if there was anything to go on? Judges he appointed keep shooting down efforts to invalidate millions of ballots, if there was evidence wouldn't he have won more than a single lawsuit to extend some deadlines in PA? Investigations take time, but we have deadlines to meet to certify the election before inauguration day. Would overturning GA somehow even flip the election Trump's way?If there really was a DNC/Biden effort to fraudulently flip AZ, NV, MI, PA, WI, and GA to Trump **and** there is evidence that is being ignored by Judges / the FBI, then yea the structures of the republic have been fully captured... but that sounds like a conspiracy theory.
Hopefully at the end of this the will of the people will have been done.Saying "hopefully the litigation will succeed" is entirely too self-interested. We only want litigation to succeed if its merits are sound.
Dude, the Trump campaign has only filed 4 or 5 lawsuits and they've already won 2. The rest of the suits are from other Republicans or civilian cases.
Just saying...everyone on this website will bitch and complain...but when Biden becomes president what will they do? Nothing. Biden won...thats the end.
And there were criminal charges brought against those people, and they were convictions, and sentences. (Excepting the notable cases, where people were pardoned)Edit: incorrect homophone (their, there, they're)
Why hasn't the campaign been able to prove in court that any of these ballot monitoring situations violated any state laws? When pressed to say whether there were campaign affiliates in the room, its 'there was a non-zero number'. When they are asked if there are situations where perfectly pristine computer-filled ballots could be legal, they acknowledge the law allows it. What they say in court contradicts what their affiliates are feeding the public without fear of real consequences.Have people considered that a lot of the things that don't look right to them are still consistent with the law of the people in these states?
Lol Trump tweeted about Romney votes getting switched to Obama via the machines in 2012.
[https://youtu.be/UMbpp1-P-LY?t=36](https://youtu.be/UMbpp1-P-LY?t=36)I think he slipped. It could be argued the other way, but I'm inclined to believe he knew they were going to cheat based on his horrible election campaign and some of what he said. Things like, "I don't need your votes, I need your support after I win"
They could, but they also could decide that the question presented is fundamentally political, not suited for judicial review, and pass it to the other political processes we have to sort it out. It's not a satisfying answer, but it is an answer that the Court uses to avoid answering legal questions. It was a very big question and point of concern in Bush v. Gore (2000) and I could see it being a big hurdle here too. For an example, the Court decided that partisan gerrymandering was fundamentally political and nonjudicial in Rucho v. Common Cause (2019) and that case dealt with an issue that is fundamentally related to how our democracy works at the state and national level. Again, not satisfying, but the Court has the authority to pass the buck.
And evidence that the campaign 'sought the same outcomes' as the IRA and russian government, and evidence that the campaign sought to coordinated obstruction of the investigation into russian interference, and evidence that several members of the campaign lied in effect to facilitate that influence.All I mean is, when the other user said 'there was no evidence' he fully misrepresents the contents of the report. If he meant 'insufficient evidence to make a positive conclusion about one specific criminal allegation' he could have made that more clear, I generally don't want to make assumptions about what other anonymous users meant when they left out information.
He will be sworn in. You can set a reminder for this if you want.
You might be thinking of two different stories. The video from state farm arena with no audio where a person tells a group of people congregated against a wall something, then goes on to pull ballots out of labeled black plastic tubs - that happens on a different night than the water main break. They both happened at state farm arena though.
Doesn't 'removal' require someone to actually remove them? Nobody called police, nobody was hauled out, we don't have audio to know what was said but nobody got combative, there was no argument about whether or not someone should remain, there was no 'removal'. So it seems like 'removal of' is at best a politically motivated lie about the video that we can all watch.'Witnesses not present' or 'witnesses decided to leave' might be accurate, although the last time a judge examined a campaign claim that 'witnesses were not present' resulted in an admission that 'a non-zero number of witnesses were actually present' but they had actively misled people about that fact.
It sounds to me like a Freudian slip, which is more common in those afflicted with senility.
Ah. You Got me this time. I mean Alito.
Yea, that video, that happens the day after the night of the water leak, those people don't get told to leave because of a water leak because the water leak from the previous night was already resolved by the time that happens.
The water leak was reported at about 5:30AM resolved at about 9AM, the video of people being told to leave happens at 10:30 PM.The water leak delayed a counting of absentee ballots from before in-person ballots were cast.So they happen less than 24 hours apart, but don't relate to the same groups of people.
God if I had a nickel for every time I heard that phrase; 'you can research it yourself.'I wonder if that line of thinking would fly in court. Could you name one of the blogs I read, please?
Went and bought some to donate to the local food pantry after she said this shitWell AOC, seems like hispanics nationwide disagree with you
Hon, get a pot of chili on!
Had barely heard of it before all the nonsense. Now you can be damned sure that it's my go-to when it comes to beans and chili supplies
So why then did AOC promote the boycott?  The silly move was boycotting the beans to begin with.
I just want us to seriously look at nuclear energy systems.
Contrary to the narrative, both EU and US carbon emissions have been decreasing for a number of years now.  And these gains have been totally offset and then some by china and india.
This is why we have to take manufacturing back and put them in places with better environmental laws. This doesn't surprise me at all. Not because I think Chinese people are more wasteful, but because they have SOOOO many factories and such shitty environmental laws.
But we need to hamstring our economy with a Green New Deal
And India is just now starting to really ramp up
Don't be ridiculous.  That would solve the perceived problem in a cheap and effective matter.  Politicians don't gain enough power from that.
God forbid... that creates too many American opportunities and ACTUALLY addresses the carbon emission problem concretely.  It's not possible to wail and lecture incessantly if you fix the problem efficiently.
There doesn't seem to be a good reason to do so. We're at the point where wind and solar are cheaper.[https://www.pv-magazine.com/2020/10/23/its-cheaper-to-build-new-solar-than-it-is-to-operate-coal-plants/](https://www.pv-magazine.com/2020/10/23/its-cheaper-to-build-new-solar-than-it-is-to-operate-coal-plants/)I don't know anything about pv-magazine but there's a link to the actual report in the first paragraph or two.
I dont know why the left refuses to embrace nuclear energy. France gets the majority of its energy from nuclear if im remembering correctly
I watched Chernobyl on my jail breaked Fire Stick so I know a thing or two about nuclear pollution so there's no way I'm letting you build that in my backyard.
The Green New Deal is economic and national suicide.  Because China and India are the leading polluters, reducing emissions in the US won't have any material impact on the climate, but it absolutely will hamstring and stifle our economy.  The point, of course, isn't actually to help the climate, that's just a liberal lie - it's all about enabling *massive* grift by liberals.  Trillions of dollars of grift.
WE have been China and India do not. Imagine that the world is bigger than your city. Crazy I Know.
Yeah they got about 70+% nuclear. They also got the only Nuclear Aircraft Carrier outside the USN.
The US would've been carbon neutral in our power grid by the early 1990s if the left hadn't decided to get scared of it and demonized a perfectly viable green energy source
The problem is that Democrats with the most power are shutting down our existing nuclear plants.  Obama shut down Yucca Mountain (nuclear waste storage facility) in his first term and it was nearly ready to go.
IIRC Ohio gets 30% of our power from the plants up on Lake Erie.
Hey, if it lowers land value in the area, I might actually be able to own a home! Win-win for me.
Nimbys, go back to San Francisco
Or we will benifit from being the first to industrialize, investing in technology to reduce our dependency on finite resources, then sell the technology to other countries and profit. Instead we can destroy our precious land/water with fracking and deregulated fossil fuel industries and say "deal with it" to our children. Seems reasonable
Not throwing stones but you must consider emissions globally, or not at all.  US and EU are making progress and it is accelerating, this is very positive news.  China and india are have walked back every gram of these CO2 reductions and are in fact taking us backwards, this is not positive news.Spin it however you like, china and india are the crux of the global emissions problem at this point in time.  Any initiative that doesn't address their emissions increases is quite literally a waste of time.
Per capita is meaningless.  Their per capita numbers are only because of extreme poverty outside the main centers of wealth.China is laughing at western liberals worrying about this boogieman, while China keeps on doing what they want, getting free money from the UN, and selling all the idiots solar panels to boot.  I don't know what it will take for these idiots to wake up.
US emissions have gone down since 2000, China and India have increased carbon output by 400%.
Yeah, I didn't think I needed to use the sarcasm thing seeing what sub I'm in lol.
Yeah, and we don't have an enormous subsistence farming underclass.  We don't have the majority of our people live in absolute squalor. We also don't enslave ethnic minorities.
Granted, I was only a toddler when it collapsed and we moved, but I was born on the other side of the iron curtain. Pretty much all of my family used to tell stories about blatantly corrupt shit that would go on every day, and you didn't dare question it. They'd just proclaim any dissent to be the result of a mental illness, or unpatriotic traitors.  They'd say they had already so thoroughly disproven any contrary claims that it didn't even bear disscussion how they'd done it.And you didn't DARE disscuss it, because that "mentally ill" bit was a veiled threat. The party, in thier infinite wisdom, had "discovered" a new mental illness known as "latent scitzophrenia." Its symptoms included skepticism of the ruling party, sympathy for western ideals, and an inability to correct dissenting opinions. It was a truly insideous disease, anyone could have it! It could lie hidden for years only to surface whenever it was convienient to drag a political rival or dissident off to a mental asylum.I grew up hearing these stories from relatives to illustrate why the USA was so much better to live in and how thankful we should be to live here. What the fuck is going on in this country?edit: I seem to have struck a nerve, my direct messege inbox is now overflowing with pissed off r/politics users telling me my family didn't really see what they saw. They fear the truth. Never forget that.
I read that they were scanning already counted votes and that the scanning process doesn't require supervision so that was done last.I'll be honest, I have no idea what I'm watching in the video. I have zero context, as do most of us. The only way I can know what it is I am seeing is if someone familiar with the process explains it to me. And, some election official commented on this video saying they were finishing up the scanning of votes.I feel like everyone has an agenda and a narrative and the waters on this are exceedingly muddy. Basically, I pretty much don't trust anyone at this point. I don't trust the people managing the process and I don't trust those signing affidavits. A situation has been created where I feel like everyone on both sides is lying.
Really hard to debunk footage of someone scanning the same ballots 2-3 times.All these "debunkers" have less credibility than Alex Jones at this point.
That tweet from ABC is very incriminating.
I had my share of the security video story get flagged on facebook, and they gave the Lead Stories article as the refutation. Straight up Ministry of Truth history revisionism. We are at war with Eastasia; we have always been at war with Eastasia.
Bring it out in court.  Color me skeptical, but I need to see this take a different path than other allegations.  Yeah, this video is the strongest evidence I've seen yet, but I need to see how it actually fares in the justice system.
"Hey MSM. I just wanted you to know that you can't just say the word "Debunked" and expect anything to happen."&#x200B;Edit: I find the lack of office quotes disturbing
This whole things is so completely rotten. From the beginning we were told that counting had stopped that night. The media reported counting had stopped, broken water lines and delays and all sorts of stupid excuses. Then we get reports that poll observers were told to go home for the night because counting indeed would stop. Now there's actual video of counting in the middle of the night and all of a sudden the narrative is "counting did not stop, end of story". Fact checkers say counting did not stop, end of story. This election is a farce. It's bigger than Trump at this point. Have our presidential votes ever mattered in the last 30 years? What a complete joke.
Even ABC News reported on the election night that the ballot counting had stopped for the night.  *They reported this at 10:30 pm*, JUST as the Republicans had stated.  This is NOT debunked, and if this is ignored as well by the judges, we've got to do something.  We are losing our republic.  This can not stand.
The only thing getting debunked in this video is that the election was legitimate.
Can we just stop lying about all of this. First ballot counters were sent home because a pipe burst. Then this video footage comes out clearly showing no pipe had burst.Then we have government officials being quoted saying what we saw on the video footage is perfectly normal. Now we have a website claiming nobody was told counting was stopped and to go home despite countless eyewitness and media reports that's exactly what happened.The cat is out of the bag, can we all just put our cards on the table. The same way everyone was calling for "evidence" from the Trump legal team. Now that the evidence is out, it's time to explain it.
Wow this whole article is extremely substantial.. the fact checkers taking the corrupt government officials at their word is just ridiculous.
Remember when Dominion was accused of their voting machines switching votes, and it got "debunked" simply because they denied it?  Pepperidge Farm sure as fuck remembers.  You post the article, and they would post the source "debunking" it with Dominion denying the allegations.Fucking Lefties will believe anything with a catchy headline.
I love how even on this subreddit, it's the same group of bridagers that come in these threads and state that there's no evidence, even given everything that has been revealed up through this point. I'm thoroughly convinced now that reddit is filled with Chinese bots. No other explanation at this point.
If this happened in one state, I cannot see why it wouldn't have happened in other states.
I would be interested in hearing directly from the people in that video. Were they ever present in the hearing?
We're at step one on that road right now. Currently you just get censored if you say something they don't like. Just wait for "hate speech" laws to start. Then they'll start including more and more into those laws. If you criticize the ruling party, you're contributing to "hate"..
Are r/politics users responding to you because of this comment or was it another one that you posted on a different sub? If it's a different comment, can you give me a link to it?I just want to know which comment I should award gold to.EDIT: I just decided to award this comment. Yes, I know it supports Reddit but to be fair, I did already have the coins prior to this, so it's not like a paid Reddit money just to be able to gild this comment.
there is nothing more equitable than free speech for all, regardless of their opinion or beliefs.
> edit: I seem to have struck a nerve, my direct messege inbox is now overflowing with pissed of r/politics users telling me my family didn't really see what they saw. They fear the truth. Never forget that.This is the part that infuriates me the most.  How dare these sheltered brats have the audacity to dispute your family's experience?  They know exactly what they are doing: trying to intimidate you in silence.  I will be happy when all of these traitors hang...in Minecraft.
We're very very gradually turning into what you described above, and unless people rise up and fight this, we are doomed to repeat the fate of the Soviet Union.  It's going to take a VERY long time for it to happen, but it will happen.  The warning signs are all around us, and communism is winning here.Some 23% of young people in America have a favorable view of socialism now.  This *drastically* up from only 20 years ago.  This is scary.
>What the fuck is going on in this country?Corruption fueled by money. To the left, what you experienced didn't really happen and you're a lying loon bag. We "haven't tried socialism/communism correctly" and we never will. Where they want to take us is a very very dark place....
Millions of Russians voted for Trump this election because they see what's going on. That's the "Russian Collusion" which Democrats will not forget.  Russian people better understand what's at stake.
Russian KGB Programs in the 1960s and 70s were focused on destroying the moral fabric of this country and infiltrating our education system. They invested hundreds of billions of dollars into the effort and it was so successful that even after the collapse of the SU our educators are still brainwashing kids into becoming Communists. Unfortunately, parents have been so disengaged from their children they don't even realize it, higher education is the worst culprit.
Honestly, I no longer believe that there is a peaceful resolution to our country's cultural divide. The left lives in a bubble that, unfortunately, causes them to react violently when confronted with reality. That they would deny the personal experience of your relatives is evidence of this. They have to be contained, because with this mindset they would gleefully oppress us all and would do so with the consent of their own conscience.
This.  Need it to have its day in a court of law, not just a press conference, like at least half the allegations.
Sure but then why send everyone home? Surely observers are allowed to be there to ensure no funny business.
Even the fact checkers say they were counting, not scanning, and the official pole watcher themselves admitted to not being there for an hour of the time they were doing so
but the fact that those ballots were kept under a table with long tablecloths that the blond braid lady had set up that morning prior to others coming in is suspicious at the very least...
At this point, I trust Alex Jones way more than MSM. He probably has a better record of being right.
People are easy to dismiss Alex Jones as nuts. He might be, and he does say some very bizarre thing sometimes. But I think people would actually be surprised at how much he ends up being right on stuff
He was right about basically the entire elite class being pedophiles. Plenty of people called him crazy for that one.
"Your honor the plaintiff claims that there was four suitcases hidden under a table that contained ballots that were secretly counted without any observers present after everyone was asked to leave because of a fake water leak. HOWEVER if you digitally enhance the image you can CLEARLY see that they were boxes and not suitcases. Your honor, we officially ask that you declare this case DEBOOOONKED!!!"
I read 1984 in high school in the early 2000s. Never did I think we'd be living it.
Just wait until it becomes the ministry of love that gets you not the ministry of truth.
1984 wasn't supposed to be a guide book :( and here we are.
They have no choice but to say "debunked" because their viewers need to hear it to keep their head in the sand.
Tulsi stepped down from the dnc in 2016 saying they were supposedly rigging the primaries for Clinton. Not that I would ever want Bernie, but I just thought it was weird how she said that.
Guaranteed there was fraud last election but they just didn't expect so many people to come out to vote for trump. This time they knew they'd have to go all out and get far more risky.
All of us watching the election live saw it when it happened and thought it was suspicious. They are attempting to gas light people with blatant lies and call it fact checking.These outlets should rename themselves to "Fact Correctors". They are propaganda.
Fact checkers claims that state official clears self for wrongdoing. Fact Checkers have determined that this claim is false. No fraud.
Haha, or this video above the fact checkers saying they are not suitcases but ballot holders therefore the whole thing is debunked lol
I had a guy link me to the Dominion website where they denied it as proof of it being debunked.
There's no shortage of useful idiots.
Nah, there's no Chinese bots on reddit. They have enough citizens to actually use real people to reply to the comments. Probably running multiple accounts at one time as well.
I don't think you guys on the left will ever just take the "L" though
' If you criticize the ruling party, you're contributing to "hate" 'I wouldn't be very surprised AT ALL if this were suggested by the left.  This is exactly how they operate, and we've seen it a million times before.
We are on step 5/6. This has been in play for decades. Small changes over long periods of time. Conditioning of society. Moral decay. Indoctrination in our education system. Federal reserve. Uncoupling of our currency from gold. The New Deal. Welfare state. NSA. Nanny State. Uncontrolled debt. Unbalanced budget. Bias news. Control the narrative. COVID is the nail. The coffin has already been built.
There are plenty of 1A and 2A shall we say "enthusiasts" who will have a big problem with this, myself included. We have something this socialist shitholes don't have on our side, The Constution of the United States of America, brought to us by thug life founders. No matter what they try, we have a legal foundation to fight back.        [Gun Totin Patriot](https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=ZPhdpk5Rd6A)
Probably this one.  I get messages from politics users all the time, most are collapsed because they are not kind.Others are looking to have a 'conversation'.  I kindly tell them no thanks, we aren't going to change each others mind no matter what, and wish them a good day.  This usually upsets them and they spew unimaginable amounts of hate.I think most of them are banned from replying in this sub so they message directly.
Don't gild. Don't give reddit a cent.
I was born and raised in Poland, under soviet control. I know exactly what OP is talking about. You can award me if you like. Kurwa.
Agreed but it's not going to take long. The young people you mention are already at the age to start having families and are suppressing any thought/speech that doesn't align with their views at alarming rates... This summer it was pancake syrup that hurtful. They are pushing hard enough that there were "hidden Trump supporters" in the polls this year just out of fear of retribution.
Yeah, my wife grew up in East germany, and both of us have worked our whole lives to earn our US citizenship. We know how bad it can get. Its time to drop this nice guy "well we gotta wait for them to make a move first!" bullshit. They already did, they have been making moves for decades. Every time conservatives ruffle thier feathers and go "NEXT TIME YOU BETTER WATCH OUT! ONE OR TWO MORE AND YOULL SEE HOW WE REACT AFTER THREE OR FOUR MORE STEPS YOU'LL SEE!" Its time to quit talkin shit and put this totalitarian bullshit down like ol yeller.
I cannot tell you how many people I've seen who were legitimately spouting crap like "the gulags weren't bad"... I just don't understand how people can know anything about the USSR, live in comfort in the USA, and still be pro-Soviet apologists.
They'd tell themselves they were oppressing us to protect themselves from oppression. Its an easy fiction to maintain when one decides to redefine oppression as "being disagreed with."
I didn't see one person protest as they were leaving. If your job was to be there and watch the verification and counting process...would you just gladly pack and up and leave without any resistance whatsoever if there were folks still there? I wouldn't. I would be on camera making a bit of a stink of my job were to watch the process and they told me to leave while workers were still present.
He did get the frog thing right
The great reset talk coming from dozens of countries makes Alex Jones New World Order "conspiracy theory" seem pretty rational at this point. As does a statistically impossible national election.
Fun fact: Alex Jones predicted on July 25th, 2001 that 9/11 would happen. Check out this clip:https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=jJov-FXyj4I"If you let some terrorist group blow up the World Trade Center, we know who to blame."Chilling shit.
I can tell you I was, I always had this notion that Alex Jones was like the National Inquirer of podcasts. Them turning the friggin' frogs gay actually being true is what turned my opinion of him around. Now, more and more I'm starting to believe Alex Jones may be a true American hero.
His podcast with Joe Rogen is excellent
I literally could not believe an article I shared got fact checked to say "*Claim: Ballots were in suitcases.* ***FALSE:*** *They were in ballot boxes.*"Like, ok? They were still brought in and scanned when no one was looking????
It is in the article. I remember seeing the same reporting from the NYT on election night, on their "live update" thing on the site. Pipe burst, everyone went home.
in the federalist article attached, there is a tweet from ABC saying the counting stopped for the night at 10:30pm, which is also what the republican observers say they were told.On the contrary, the officials(and "fact checkers") pretend that they never said the counting ended and that the republican observers just chose to leave.
Even if a person didn't believe any fraudulent votes were cast in the primaries, it's pretty tough to believe that media coverage of the candidates was in any way fair or impartial. Winners and talking points were picked before the debates even took place. Tulsi wrecked Kamala in the debates this year and absolutely nothing came of it because she got no coverage.
I'm sure you're right. I'm sure there's fraud all of the time.But what is really baffling to me is how anyone can look at the last 4 years and NOT think that rotten political operatives would dare to commit voting fraud. We've seen fabrications involving racism, sexism, and homophobia. (Inner city Chicago, this is MAGA country anyone?) We've seen supreme court justices being outright dragged through fictitious mud. We've seen stories of Russian sabotage being used as a boogeyman for 4 straight years. We've seen "kids in cages" and we've seen "fine people on both sides", both of which are completely horseshit stories that either omit the most relevant details or flat out are used out of context. But now we're supposed to believe everything is done with the utmost integrity? Give me a break.
Democrats have thoroughly investigated themselves and found no wrong doing. DEBuNkeD!
Was it Politico that said they weren't biased, because they fact checked their own bias?  Sad thing is, r /politics tards will actually link that shit as a source *unironically*.
:'D "Your Honor,  I am not guilty, despite the blood you see on my hands in this picture of me kneeling over that dead woman's body. As proof, I offer you my word!"
We've actually had a form of this since 2008. Try criticizing Obama's policies or presidency in a room full of Democrats, or right here on Reddit proper for that matter, and you'll be branded a racist, nazi, white supremacist who just doesn't like the idea of a black man in charge. Obama basically said it himself just recently. Which is hilarious, because it doesn't explain why I wanted Herman Cain to win the 2012 Republican primary and the general election that year, and have always supported Clarence Thomas, arguably one of the most powerful people in the nation. It's almost like I don't give a shit about color and care more about their political stance.They are doing it again now with Kamala, except it has the extra added effect of you being a misogynist in addition to a bigot for not liking her or her views.
>' If you criticize the ruling party, you're contributing to "hate" '  >  >I wouldn't be very surprised AT ALL if this were suggested by the left.They already started with Obama. They condemned all criticism of Obama as "racism"....thus "hate."
This is my concern. You see it a lot here. 'Oh, we can't actually fight against the encroaching tyranny because we have jobs to go to in the morning'.That's exactly how we slip into communism, or some twisted cousin of it. Because conservatives decide to stick their head in the sand and hope that it won't affect their own private little kingdoms. It will, sooner or later. But they just refuse to see it because they have worked so hard to get so much. And they don't want to admit that it's all going to be taken from them by these people. Either it'll be sooner, when you have some chance to win it back, or later, when their power will be so absolute that they will just grind you into sludge.
That's what happens when you hype up exaggerated propaganda about American war crimes in Vietnam and police response to rioting during the civil rights era.Paint America as an irredeemable bad guy, and then that other nation that has done *absolutely nothing at all* except help us in WWII doesn't seem so bad.
Socialism is a fantasy of a world where all your problems disappear. There are people who *choose* to need that fantasy. They will eagerly buy any blatant lie, tell themselves any nonsensical story, in order to preserve that fantasy for themselves.
They are health camps aren't they - lose weight, work hard, excercize.Those who ignor (or delete) history, are bound to repeat it.
If the election officials said that the voting was concluded for the night, I probably would leave. Which is what they did.
I always thought it was funny that out of all the crazy things he's done and said, the "gay frogs" thing is what everyone uses as a sound-bite to mock Alex Jones as a loony, when that whole thing is actually a thing that exists and is a problem.
Okay, but lets be real: if you have a guy who says enough 'plausible' but insane-sounding crap, then go back over his dozens or hundreds of statements ("predictions") you can find some that seem to be right on the money. He's not particularly accurate if only 1 out of every 10 or less 'come true.'Especially since there had [already been an attempt](https://www.state.gov/1993-world-trade-center-bombing/) to blow up the buildings.I will say, Alex Jones was and is 100% right that there is an active information war waging where propaganda, misinformation, and coverups are used to influence how you think and act. The fact that he was banned from the internet is a coordinated strike actually **proved** this fact. How can you NOT root for him after that?He's just not a great influence when it comes to deciding what to do with the fact that your mind is being targeted by hostile actors.
I mean not really. The World Trade Center was attacked in 1993... with a bomb. A callback to an event that already happened, used as a hypothetical in a throwaway remark, is hardly a prediction that 9/11 would happen (to say the least).
Go watch the pilot episode of the X-Files spin off "The lone gunmen"You will shit a brick...
Yeah it was a joke because that detail changes literally nothing about the story.
"In addition to my word, I have provided a link to an article where the author says they spoke with a source who said there was no evidence of me committing the murder, despite all the evidence. So, this has clearly been debunked your honor"
" Try criticizing Obama's policies or presidency in a room full of Democrats, or right here on Reddit proper for that matter, and you'll be branded a racist, nazi, white supremacist who just doesn't like the idea of a black man in charge. "AOC pulls that shit virtually any time she's criticized.
Whenever you meet a commie it was always not real communism or socialism, and if it was, it only failed because they weren't the one in charge.
Yeah, interesting how shortly after they get power people tend to start disappearing too.
It's the delivery. It sounds deranged and hilarious.
I thought I was the only one! I knew about the frog thing from reading science magazines when I was younger. It was already a known thing among biologists and then people were laughing at him and I was confused.
just loosely that there some cabal of elite world leaders all working together to craft a grand, global, socialist utopia
He was talking about the WTC being attacked again, within 2 months of the  9/11 event. Even if you're skeptical of Jones, you have to admit that's a massive synchronicity.
I had one try me a few months back. Even cited some 3 examples of times that "true communism" worked. I looked em up, gave the individual the benefit of the doubt as their argument wasn't full of cursing and belittlement. I truly believe that they were being sincere. A quick read showed that these societies, sounded nice, but quickly devolved and failed, none lasted more than a few years at most.
Reality is often deranged and hilarious.
Well said. Basically very powerful people already have decided to become the kings of the world. America's Constution is the wall, we are the only country on Earth with a first and second amendment. Free speech is dying all over the first world.       I know it sounds crazy, but it's happening, now.
These systems are ideologies that should never be considered outside of academia. They look great on paper when you think you are the intelligencia and are above all the simpletons.
"Work in the salt mines? Don't you know I have a masters in gender studies and a minor in transexual underwater basket weaving theory? Oh ho ho no my friend. I'll be a high level intellectual on a central planning committee who gets paid for my great ideas!"
Regina Waller seems to be the one who would have all the answers  According to the people who were told they were done counting for the night, she was the one who told them they were done and would not resume counting until the morning.  She's also the one that placed the table there in the morning, and the one seen to be pulling the ballots out once everyone had left, and seen to be suspiciously palming what appeared to be a USB from her mother.    A mother who had fraud charges in the past, and recently canceled an interview because she decided to seek legal counsel.
He is my absolute favorite Old Hollywood actor. He was the first major actor to enlist during WWII at 33 and got his commanding officer to actually send him into the fight. Most actors were used more for recruiting efforts or kept out of the action because of their celebrity status. He was a bad ass pilot and stayed in the Air Force until his mandatory retirement at 60. He even flew a mission in Vietnam. He retired a brigadier general.
We need more cultural icons who are not actors
Jimmy was one of the good guys. He somehow remained unchanged by Hollywood and stayed a decent man until the day he died. Mr Stewart sure is missed.
Do you ever think that our entire nation is now transforming from Bedford Falls into Pottersville?  Seems pretty obvious to me.
He is my all time favorite actor. After he was given a star to become a Brigadier General in the Air Force he attended a function with Ronald Reagan. Reagan kept mistakingly called him Major General.  In an interview after the event a member of the Press asked him why he did not correct the President.  Jimmy responsed with, "Oh I dunno, It's just Major General sounds so good." Lol.  Class man. Very decent and honorable. And smart. He graduated from Princeton.
Jimmy Stewart would get no clicks today. His whole ethos was stalwart constancy. That's only enough content for one five-minute YouTube video, for today's audiences.
Fast forward to today, where it is all about "me, me, me" and people want to be remembered for superficial reasons.
My wife and I occasionally talk about how great Hollywood used to be compared to how it is now because of the access we have to older movies and shows through our streaming services. Back in Jimmy Stewart's time there were actual stars in movies and not the latest Weinstein actor or actress to do enough to get the parts. It is amazing how far the Hollywood has fallen and how the loudmouths are praised while those with differing opinions are shunned and cancelled.
Iirc, he's the actor with the highest military rank if you don't count Ronald reagan being CINC
I agree with you.However in the case of Jimmy Stewart, he was actually much more than just an actor.
Pete Davidson is playing the role in an online script reading that's acting as a fundraiser for the Ed Asner Family Center, an organization that offers tons of services to developmentally challenged children and their families. I wouldn't exactly call that a negative.
Just to clarify, it's only a table read not a remake. Not saying I agree with the choice still, but as far as I know there is no remake being made.
He said he is god fearing, how does that translate to America being a Christian nation?
That's why they elected the antithesis of all that in Donald Trump... No, wait...
A lot of famous folks served in WWII and they all deserve our respect.  Ted Williams, Henry Fonda, Mel Brooks.  Even Bill Blass the designer played a role in helping to fool the German's prior to D day.  [It's a facinating story](https://ghostarmy.com/bio/Ghost_Army_Artists/108).As for Jimmy Stewart,,, just the best kind of person,  the kind of person I was taught to respect and emulate when I was a child, I'm old.
79th Anniversary of Mostly Peaceful Flyover by the Japanese Navy Air Corps - NYT Headline, probably
How does it feel to preemptively play the victim?  Ironically, the only person politicizing a horrible event in our country's past is you and a few other conservatives on this post.
Well, Pearl Harbor is a big reason why America joined the war, so, no, probably not.
It's a very fitting quote. But that there is no definite proof that he ever said this is a fact, not rewriting history.(also it seems everyone can call himself a historian nowadays. I have a Bachelor's degree in history. Am I a historian? I seriously doubt it)
COVID has a 99% survival rate and for some reason it stays away from BLM protests and Biden victory rallies but magically shows up at Trump rallies. When BLM was everywhere, the virus magically went away from the press headlines. 2 people infected in one state? UH-OH shut it down! But wait if I'm a governor I guess I can dine in restaurants! But BLM! Meanwhile in WW2 Americans fought and died pouring men into the biggest conflict ever known to man. You didn't even know if you were going to make it. Many didn't. As soon as those doors on the ships opened in Normandy, many got popped at the beginning, never to see anyone again. Not only there but many died around the world. The Soviets suffered huge and in turn they also did against the German peoples. Britain was alone in the war. How is COVID more deadly than WW2? It isn't the black plague.
He's a legendary debater. I would love to see him present the argument!
Ted Cruz is gonna be the next GOP nominee next time. Trump will be too old. Ted cruz is the only one with any balls.
Friendly reminder that in 2016 Donald Trump publicly called Ted Cruz's wife ugly. Here we are, 4+ years later, and Cruz is still firmly in his pocket. Trump owns him.
This needs to happen quick before Giuliani recovers.
Teddy will get it done... Cruz 2024
I'd even say he's a.. Master.
If Ted Cruz's dad can kill Kennedy, then surely Ted Cruz can win a simple court case.
You must have taken a detour and got lost. You belong here: r/politics
Ted Cruz is an American Citizen. His mother was a US citizen at the time of his birth, which makes him a Natural Born Citizen, and eligible for the Office of the President.
I only recently learned he was Canadian. How come no one said anything when he ran in 2016?
He was born on an Army base i believe. He's eligible to run. He wouldnt have been in the primaries otherwise dont listen to the troll.
The leftist brigading is strong on this one.
Well that answers my question I suppose
*No* state level, or local, election should have money from outside the state in it. Period.
This ship has sailed. This is protected as free speech.
I'm glad to know there's still one thing that conservatives and liberals and socialists and libertarians all agree on.**Everyone** hates Mark Zuckerberg.
You'd better be equally good with preventing the Koch brother (pretty sure one died) from doing the same thing or you're a hypocrite asshole.  Better yet, overturn citizens united and generally limit money in politics.   Ooh, or here's a good one, just cap what they can spend so candidates have an equal budget.   Let's see who can be effective while dealing with spending constraints.   Seems like a good test for a would be public official.
This is one step away from calling for the end of citizens united. Spending is speech and it should be free. If you change the name to Charles Koch and post this in r/politics the comments will be pretty similar.
Someone had to pay for all those ghost ballots.
Unfortunately campaign finance reform is an unpopular opinion among Conservative officials. I think McCain was the last major Republican to support it.* The Conservative justices decided both *Citizens United* and *McCutcheon*.* [The DISCLOSE Act of 2010 was shot down along party lines.](https://www.senate.gov/legislative/LIS/roll_call_lists/roll_call_vote_cfm.cfm?congress=111&session=2&vote=00220)* [Trump stopped requiring certain non-profits from even disclosing when they spend money on politics.](https://home.treasury.gov/news/press-releases/sm426)Campaign finance reform is only supported by Democratic officials currently. McConnell will not bring any federal bill about it to a vote.
Make lobbying illegal and you'll solve that problem.
> the end of citizens unitedThis is a very popular opinion for voters of both parties. Most people do not think spending should be considered speech. It's mainly just spenders and the political elite benefiting from that spending that endorse it.https://www.pri.org/stories/2018-05-10/study-most-americans-want-kill-citizens-united-constitutional-amendment
Too bad that Congress is the one that would have to pass such a law and nearly half of Congressmen take a lobbying job when they leave office now. Supporting politicians is one thing both parties can agree on.
The line between "petitioning the government for the redress of grievances" and "lobbying" is non-existent. It's like the difference on "flower" and "weed." The content is the same, it's the opinion on the viewer that matters.I don't trust courts to decide what speech is allowed.
Thank you! You said well what *Citizens United* does so I'll quick list some things it **didn't** do:+ Say corporations are people (corporate personhood far outdates this case and is based in old common law, how else would you sue a company?)+ Say money equals speech (they were ruling on the publication of a movie, that's clearly speech)+ Say Congress can't regulate "dark money" (the FEC still has lots of reporting rules and spending limits on campaigns and SuperPACs)+ Create SuperPACs (different, but related case)
Wallace's stock has gone down **severely** since he beclowned himself during the first debate. He's now spurned by both his peers in other media groups and his own viewers. I dare say his numbers won't recover anytime soon, if at all.
Leftist assholes are the self-appointed language police.
He should have told Wallace that claim is currently disputed according to his fact checkers.
fuck this guy who said shit about lie after lie regarding russia hoax and impeachment lies
Well of course he did. He clearly views himself as some of sort of neutral "news referee" who gets to decide such matters. His daddy would be rolling over in his grave if he saw this behavior.
Chris Wallace is an insufferable asshole.
This is the weirdest media fixation. Regardless of how clear Biden's victory seems, the electors haven't voted yet. I don't think it's wrong to call him "president-elect," but it's certainly acceptable not to.
I am not a fan, and would have said "nah".
How long before Wallace is sucking bidens dick? I bet less than a month or hes already latched on to it
As a point of fact, and all of us here know it, Biden is not president-elect yet.CW needs a fact checker.
Please excuse my ignorance on the matter, but at what point would someone actually become the president-elect officially? What has to happen first?
> He's now spurned by both his peers in other media groups and his own viewers.He's just another moron who learned nothing from megan kelly.  You can kiss the leftist ass all you want but they have already identified you as a previous truth teller which can never be tolerated.  So now he can spew the leftist lies and non leftists turn him off along with the left.
I imagine he will have a show on CNN or MSNBC soon.
Chris Wallace is a leftist now? Is that word just used against anyone y'all disagree with regardless of ideology?
The fact that he IS NOT PRESIDENT ELECT YET and they dont care to be accurate with even that fact but keeps pishing it, shows how much of a steaming pile of shit these "journalists" are
> How long before Wallace is sucking bidens dick? LOL.  He may even get invited to a few super kool leftist cocktail parties.  But in the end he didn't start off as a moronic leftist and the left will always hold that against him.
It isn't an official title, so there is n official time. Traditionally, it's after the results of the election are clear, which they have been for a few weeks now. Traditionally, we don't have a president ignoring the fact that he lost an election, nor a circus of sycophants doing the same.
The electoral college meets on Dec 14th. After that the victor of the election is president elect.In the past, after the losing party concedes, the victor of the election has been called the president elect despite it not being official until Dec 14.
The term is mentioned in the 12th amendment but there's no formal definition. G. W. Bush did a lot of work to formalize the transition process because of 9/11 and the Florida Recount in 2000 so it's been used by every president since then, including Trump. Everyone is taking notice now simply because this is one of the few elections where the results weren't clear  on election night.
Yep she got downgraded to a podcast lol.
Why..?Most of the rest of Fox is just as bad as he is, now...
Yes, just like every Democrat is now a socialists and anyone who supports Palestinians is an antisemite. Anyone who disagrees with the right is clearly a leftist. Mueller was a Democrat, in 6 months when Republicans start to try and distance themselves from Trump they will all be RINOs.
Not so much that as that leftist morons can all fuck the hell right off.
> The fact that he IS NOT PRESIDENT ELECT YETUmmm, yes he is. He's got the same standing for that title as every other president elect before him. Though it isn't an official title, it's still bestowed on the candidate who is projected to win the election, once that prediction is sound. For President Elect Biden, that was weeks ago.
You are lying. Every election they refer to the winner as President elect prior to the electoral college vote.   Were you this worked up when CNN called Trump President Elect on November 6th, 2016?
I didn't think a #notmypresident redux was our style...
Maybe to braindead idiots like you and the Libs.
Also, imagine the backlash if Biden (or any other incoming U.S. President) literally sat on his ass until he was officially sworn in under some idiotic semantic argument.
"President Elect" isn't an actual title. It's  just a term used by media. It means nothing.
Ok, let's use his actual title: Impeached President Trump.
Y'all both gotta chill. But I do agree withe the other guy. Especially in the New York Times, they call President Obama "Mr. Obama" all the time. It's not a big deal.
My point was who gets to decide what's legit and what isn't? Technically the election is disputed, or does the tag only apply to what suits an agenda?That's why I think it's best to just not bother with a tag. You set a precedent that needs to apply across the board, not just to what you disagree with.
>I didn't think a #notmypresident redux was our style...The right, including Trump,  pushed the narrative that Obama was not even an american citizen. And you guys think that kind of shit isn't your style? Do you live under a rock?
This is the first time that there has been a dispute about calling someone president elect. The closest we can get is to 2000, where we had to wait for about a month before anyone got to call themselves that. The fact that the Clinton administration still started a handover with Bush before the election had been called, just goes to show how stupid and petty Trump, MAGA nation and the GOP are being.
And Trump when he won, right?
I mean, I'll cop to being way more moderate/left than most of the regulars here, but one of the key reasons that I still view myself as center-right is that I hate how melodramatic and petulant the left is and that I've always seen the right as broadly more mature. I thought Biden beating out the left's darlings in the primaries might be a sign that the Democrats were finally growing up a little but it's all a bit pointless if folks on the right just take their place...
Mate if getting a lawyer is evidence of guilt.... I got news for you.
...that's the point.  They are driving their core demographic away and will not be watched by anyone else.  Leaving them without viewers.  Was that not clear?
The handover started at least a couple weeks after it should. The Pentagon has also been a road block in a proper handover. Trump has also yet to actually acknowledge reality, and since the guy at the top sets the tone, it won't be proceeding like it should.> don't you want fair elections?Yes, and seeing the disaster you lot have every four years, I am so happy to be a Canadian. Everything about your elections is a mess, but the allegations Trump are making, have no basis in reality. There is very little fraud, and a lot of the actual fraud that's been brought to light, was committed by Republicans.
Not the left - I don't expect them to ever really change. I thought the Democrats as a party though were learning to ignore the left and be more realistic. Of all their major candidate options they picked (arguably) the most moderate. I'm still holding out hope that Biden and McConnell can hash out some basic bipartisan deals.
I mean, there are issues though where government action is necessary:- High cost of healthcare- Ballooning cost of higher education- Big Tech (anti-trust and privacy concerns)- National Debt- Immigration- Unfunded pension liabilities Those are just off the top of my head too. I want my government dealing with these issues and I want both parties involved.
Please find someone to give you a hug.
Careful supporting this guy, he's more of a stepper than you'd think.
Alt Right, Alt Right, Alt Right
The fact he would even say something like this is enough to win over some dems that are tired of being blackmailed into staying in the party.
If I remember correctly he identifies as a centrist. Read an interview he gave a few years back where he views both sides of american politics as being inherently flawed do to the left and the right refusing to work together to fix society's problems. And due to the media on both sides blaming the other side for all of the problems instead of coming up with pragmatic rather than ideological solutions.
He's a solid actor, but not the sharpest person out there.
As proof of this, look at how CA voted on affirmative action. Landslide against AA while landslide voted for Biden. It goes to show that Democrat politicians are popular because the media makes it seem Republicans are the devil, but the actual policies Democrats want to propose are very unpopular. If academia, Hollywood and the media stopped brainwashing the masses, Democrats would never win.
To be fair, Ronald Reagan was a Hollywood actor.
If I remember correctly, the Greeks would not allow actors to give testimony because they were considered professional liars because of their profession. Obviously I don't think we need to go that far, but it makes sense
It's almost like you shouldn't trust someone who lies for a living...
Yeah, tbf, he's one of my favorites.  Just listened to Greenlights a few weeks ago as well.  I'd hang out with him, hunt with him, do some drugs with him, etc. I would not support him in a political arena.
Until you then look at how FL voted to raise the minimum wage but voted Red. Then your theory about unpopular democrat policies goes right out the window, huh
Which is sad because as United America we can still be the superpower that we traditionally have been. As divided america we are nosediving towards late 80's soviet union status. United we stand divided we fall
I just watched the episode.. I thought the writers did a great job describing both sides of the issue.. It's about time someone sticks up for the 99.99%of police that are incredible heroes. All we get, if you follow the mainstream media, is that cops are bad.. That's what comes across even if it's not their intent.  But wait until there's a major problem and the police are the first to arrive to help people. The hypocrites, left media, will be all over that and for a few days, police will be heores again.. Rarely does the media provide both sides of the story.. Usually only the victims, and I'm most cases they're not completely innocent.. Kudos to the writers of blue bloods for being honest and portraying the issues.
I was wondering if they would pander to the bullshit from the left in Hollywood.Good for them for not doing so.It's sad that all the other shows will be in syndication someday and the left will probably have already gotten rid of the Election Infection from the history books.
Surprised, and happy, that they have not being axed with other police shows. Bravo.
Blue bloods and ncis are my cop shows. Neither have been awful, Blue Bloods has been better
You mean we don't punish the 99% for what the less than 1% did?  It's almost like you are against discrimination.
The rookie unfortunately has gone woke.
I wouldn't say that 99 percent of them are incredible heroes. They are ordinary people like everyone else. There are really good ones who go out of their way to help people and put themselves at risk when they don't have to to save others, there are those that are bullies on a power trip, and then most of them are just ordinary people trying to do their jobs like anyone else, some better than others. The problem is that people don't see them as normal people anymore, and often think that they all are either evil oppressors or heroic defenders. The truth is in the middle.
 DISCRIMINATION in any form is wrong. I'm just saying that the media skews the world view and lately it's been police are the bad guys.. And they don't take the time to segregate the good guys from the bad guys. And yes those police officers that have committed stupid acts of discrimination need to be held accountable.. But remind people that they are in the significant minority.. Did that clarify my comment?
That show looked incredibly dumb from the beginning though
Socialism is incompatible with American culture imo. However, many people who support socialism use Canada as an example, and as a Canadian I can 100% ensure you that we are not socialist.Edit: For non-flaired users challenging me, 2/3 of our income tax goes to healthcare, and our annual contributions could be anywhere between 6,000 and 38,000 per person per year depending on income.
Democrats actually don't practice Socialism nor want it in its true form. It's what I call American Democrat Socialism. Look at Sweden and other countries where it does just fine. The problem is American Democrats are picking and choosing fashionable quotes and services from it, then marketing it to the young and dumb.Democrats are simply using another form of government which they know their supporters know absolutely nothing about...then create a fantasy that everything is going to be free and "everyone deserves X", and the justification for that "free stuff" is going to be perpetual misery that amazingly never ends but the wealthy always coincidentally are immune from.Imagine that.
>"Very simply, you will decide whether your children will grow up in a socialist country or free country. Socialism is just the beginning for these people. They want to go into a communistic form of government," he said.
That's because for some idiotic reason America (and by extension, leftists) associates social democracy (that is, free market economy with a huge welfare backbone for society) with socialism. Socialism is anti-democratic and has no place anywhere in the West. Social democracy already is in effect in many European countries.Note that I'm not saying America should follow social democracy or anything like that, just pointing out that equating social democracy and socialism (thus misrepresenting the former) doesn't do us any favors. To criticize something one must correctly identify it first.
What are we supposed to do? Rebel against the democratically-elected government? That's kinda treason bro
Fratello, I agree. They think we have free healthcare. It's free in the sense that you dont have to the the cashier, but we pay a portion towards it with every hour we work. Even if the demands of an increased minimum wage were to be met, the consequences are increase product and production costs that will also be taxed to fund healthcare.
> It's free in the sense that you dont have to the the cashier, but we pay a portion towards it with every hour we work.When I was in school, I was involved with the [Christian Campus Fellowship](http://www.gtccf.org/).  CCF offered lunch for students one day a week. "Free" was never used, and anyone that did call it "free" was quickly corrected-- it was "no charge," not "free."  Someone was paying for it.
Well, I don't think there's any question Biden won the election. And even if someone shouldn't have won the election, if the electoral college meets and elects him anyway, he is still the legitimate president. See: the 2000 election where in reality Gore should have won, but we did not have an armed insurrection throw Bush out months later.I like the Second Amendment, but yeah, it's still treason. I support the idea of being able to resist the United States if it turns corrupt, but we're nowhere near there. Lots of rebellions have started with that justification and none of them have gone well.
No, they want capitalism with robust welfare systems.
Which is what social democracy is (at least as far as I know)
Legislators don't handle that at all. If there was fraud, Trump should have filed a case showing the evidence and the trial court should make a determination within a week. But it's been over a month, Trump has shown no evidence in court, and he's lost all cases of importance. It *is* like the evidence doesn't even exist.
What do you think legislators do?Isn't the only "win" *Trump v. Boockvar*? That isn't even finally decided yet and is over an inconsequential number of votes. It doesn't have anything to do with fraud. What am I missing then? What cases do you think are promising?
I've read 2 articles.  Both of them dated the 7th which is today.  One says the audit was denied.  The other says there will be an audit.  Which one should I believe?
So the article was from yesterday, do we know if they started the audit today or yesterday and do we have findings? Also I really hope this does end the corrupt left for good.
oh look it's that Michigan case that just one hour ago leftists were telling me was dismissed "with prejudice"I patiently await them showing up with more lies to cover up their earlier lies.the destruction of the democrat party in slow motion
Which ever one confirms your bias I guess
they said they could have results in a few days
>the destruction of the democrat party in slow motionWhat a time to be alive
Trust him.I watched an episode of CSI: Podunk, or one of them cna never remember the names, and one of the Mary Sue multi-culti scientists made an offhand remark about forensics or something.  So I ***know*** forensics, and this guy is right on the money.
I really thought this was the bee
Getting scolded by Santa really is the shittiest cherry on top of the shittiest cake of a year. Poor kid.
It's A NERF GUN for Christ sake.  this guy really chose to shatter a kids fantasy world over taking a stand against a 5 year old against fake guns.
Do not worry folks. This disgusting display right here is not that widespread. I currently work part-time at my local Walmart (I recently moved due to college and had to change jobs) and I have been swamped with multiple requests from parents to direct them to the toy isle for NERF guns. Folks are still buying these and kids are having fun despite lib propaganda.
Can we get a "NOT SATIRE" tag?
What the hell are we doing?  Honestly. What reality is this?
This is where as a dad you tell your son, that Santa doesn't know what he's talking about, then assure him that daddy will gladly buy him his gun for Christmas. That is if you can keep you composure and not KTFO Santa.
I have a coworker who confiscates her son's birthday presents if they involve a weapon (she was complaining about an action figure Batman he got)Buncha pansies.
I'd love to know what Santa thinks about NORAD protecting his flight path year after year. Those very real guns are okay, but a NERF gun isn't?
Can we crowdfund a complete Nerf armory for this boy and have it delivered by a real Santa?
Thank God the kid did not ask for a GI Joe, lest Santa feel compelled to deliver a lecture on toxic masculinity.
And then Dad beat the shit out of Santa and was correct to do so.
This isn't liberal so much as it is ignorant of how children learn. Giving a kid a toy gun doesn't make them a killer, it lets them explore complex ideas safely. Santa is a moron who upset that poor kid for his own little idiot crusade.
Santas a little bitch this year
The elves should get together and frag the fat man.
Yep. Same here. 100% bee material
I don't even know any left leaning liberal person who would be pleased with this. This dude is absolutely off his rocker. Like its a toy? It's fun! It doesn't mean he'll kill people? I really don't understand his thought process behind being a dick to that kid
I mean I would've just broke his jaw but that works too lol
It isn't widespread until it **is**."Don't worry, teachers pressuring young boys into declaring they are girls isn't that widespread!"\-Conservatives 4 years ago.
My wife and I legit just bought nerf guns for our kids this year and all our cousins
With real headlines now being indistinguishable from satire articles a "NOT SATIRE" tag would be incredibly helpful. There's a sentence I never thought I would have to type.
Well I guess Santa wouldn't be a fan of squirt guns, but maybe he'll use his mall platform to sit down with the community and have a real heart to heart to discuss his deep philosophical position on water balloons, especially being that we have regular balloons and grenade colored.
Give me a link and I'll give towards that. Fricken douchebag Santa has no right crushing a kids dream
No part of this seems fake whatsoever...
What the fuck are you talking about? Liberals are literally the ones that are into that sick stuff...
Hunter Biden and Anthony Weiner have entered the chat.
Liberals really don't seem to know the difference.  They're too busy being terrified
That kid has great taste if that is what they asked for
Three round burst only until you are 21.That's how it works, right?
In his defense, Santa also turned down my request for a full auto M4A1 Suppressed with an under barrel grenade launcher so at least he's consistent.
Nerf guns were so much fun as a kid. I'm jealous of how complex the guns have now gotten, I always got the basic ones haha.
Well, the kid wanted a Phased Plasma Rifle in the 40 watt range, but just what you see kid.
Made me chuckle, have my upvote!
These are the ATF/NFA regulations we need
Super Soakers too, you always knew someone that had a *better* upgrade lol
It's about power.. You see what they want to do. They want to rise an army of young uneducated college age kids storm the streets.. They can't have armed Americans standing in their way.. They want to disarm the American people so that they can try t seize power
THEY understand perfectly well. They just hope you or others listening won't.
If they do, they better not vote for an asshole like Andrew gillum next time
It's only a matter of time before Florida is ruined too, soon we won't have anywhere to live.
New York becoming a ghost town right in front of our eyes thanks to the great leadership of the Democrats in charge
This is bitter sweet. I live in the little brother state Connecticut and A LOT of companies/factories are jumping ship to Southern states because unjustifiable taxes and restrictions are a burden too heavy to bare. Its going to be rough in the coming years for New England but I pray that the population will finally start to realize the Governors are killing their states.
Fucking stop leaving your blue states! You voted for this shit. You live with it.
Please no!!!!!!  Don't ruin my state.
More evidence that the economy is going to tank starting January 21 2021! Then Biden will blame it on President Trump! The beginning of the end!
No! No, no, no! New Yorkers need to stay away. Fix your own state or go to Georgia!
And NASDAQ to Texas was just mentioned recently.
Yet in the most recent election it went more red than it has in 16 years
New Yorkers have been moving to Florida since the 70s. Usually retirees.
My thoughts exactly. Damn people are stupid.
Just like liberals fleeing Cali and ruining the surrounding states. The stupidity of leaving due to failed policies and then voting for said policies hurts my neocortex.
For now.If insane leftists keep moving there...
The problem is that these leftists move to Florida, drive the cost of everything up, then bring their shitty politics with them.  Florida came way too close in the last gubernatorial election to voting in a crackhead who loves gay prostitutes.
Oh, they absolutely can. They don't need NYC anymore.  Also, no one thinks its worth the cost of living here without the other nyc stuff we had disappearing. Restaurants, clubs, Broadway,  all of it, disappearing. I live here and its a real shame
No worries, they are coming to ruin every state possible. I think Texas is certainly next, didn't win it by much this time.
It's actually conservatives fleeing cali because they realize cali will never change in their favor.
No, this is an entrenched Democrat governance issue.  Even a RINO governor couldn't screw up this bad.  See Illinois/Chicago or Maryland/Baltimore, there are more examples.
Pretty sure this is due to the remote work trend that will now become the norm. Office space is pretty $$$ in Manhattan and the beaches suck
The way it goes is that Republicans make a place a great place to live, like California, Texas, Florida, etc., and then democrats migrate there and ruin the place. Sure it takes a while for stuff to get bad, but people flee blue states en masse to red states all over the country.
Democrats underestimated Trump,  didn't stuff enough ballots.
It's not so bad actually. Texas only moved a bit democratic because there was no independent candidate there to split the vote. It didn't really move either way much when you really look at it.
They had a targeted plan that worked. They obviously couldn't cheat everywhere or that would be too obvious. They targeted 4 cities and that was all it took to elect sleepy Joe.
Marty (mayor) is a Democrat and Baker (governor) is a rhino. He does everything to appease the Democrat politicians in the state.
NY is the closest port to Europe. California has the closest ports to Asia. They're wealthy primarily due to geography and in California's case climate. California has the highest taxes in the US, $2 trillion in debt, receives 1/3rd of all federal welfare spending, and has 1/3rd of the homeless population. Around 700-800 businesses leave California annually and the domestic population has been decreasing for two decades.
CaliforniaNew Yorkboth were literally run by Republicans and NYCs prosperity is literally due to one republican (Rudy Guiliani) who saved it from turning into DetroitCA and NY became prosperous cause they offered stable business conditions and CA had good weather. Then Dems got elected and have been doing everything in their power to make the states thieving welfare states that prevent progress. All this time they also try to take credit for the success of FAANG etc. when nothing they have done has been useful to FAANG. Now their economies are finally crashing and Pelosi/Schumer want "Stimulus bills" to give free money to rent seeking parasites (unemployed) and state governments that spent the money they should have saved on welfare for lazy moochers.
Lmao. So funny right? What's funnier is that idiots like you think there wasn't anything funny going on.
As opposed to what you're spoon fed from Fox, OANN and now newsmax. Congrats...you figured it all out.
Yeah you sound like one of those "well educated" liberals.
He may be a commie but you have to admit that he usually tells the truth.
Good. Not one penny goes to the average needy american
She's a fucking monster. None of these people care about us.
I'm asking this out of complete ignorance. Do police officers always draw their guns when conducting a warrant? It seem excessive to me that they would need to have guns out to conduct a warrant in which they are not arresting anybody. I have no idea on the validity of it but apparently shes claiming guns were pointed at her children? Either way the fact that these officers were brandishing guns in the presence of children when no one is threatening the safety of the officers (I'm assuming this since no one was detained) is fucking weird to me.
It happens. The warrant squad broke into my house and arrested me with shotguns in my face years ago. Someone with my last name was wanted for a violent crime in my area, including assault of a police officer, and there was a typo on their paperwork.        Explaining why I was arrested like Osama Bin Laden to my neighbors was fun. Side note, in Staten Island the restaraunt owner who refused to shut down was arrested in very similar circumstances by undercover sheriff's.
Well, everyone except for literally all of the flaired users that commented, who reacted exactly like that.
She was in the hallway dude. And at least one cop clearly pointed his gun up the stairs, where she just said there were kids.
Sounds like PR speak. Doesn't really say what exactly she was doing wrong. Unilaterally modifying the covid dashboard? Okay... why? What did she modify it to? Was the other dashboard suppressing case numbers?I'd be very interested to know what her co-workers have to say about her. I'm sure they'll be interviewed once this story blows up and is national news.
*Insubordination when pressured to manipulate public health data on the coronavirus pandemic FTFY
Firing I get. Idk if that's worth a raid tho man...
She made up her own dashboard, and was making it publicly available.  Governments don't like when people who counter their "truth".
Maybe that's the blue wave the media hyped up
This is confirmed in the texts between the two local officials who talked about this
Someone clogged the pissbox to clear out a building? That's weak sauce.
So many people have tried to debunk the "suitcase" video. Shouldn't this fact, that the so-called "water main break" they claimed necessitated a stoppage in the count and an evacuation of the building, then clearly be a huge lie used as an excuse to remove election judges from the operation?
Just imagine the shenanigans that went down in that Arena that day
Another lie from Democrats. Imagine that...
This makes sense. Leftists call off classes for a week when they see a banana in a tree because it triggers them. I would believe that a leaky urinal would be enough to quit.
The pipe break was at 6am [Atlanta news, Nov 3](https://www.ajc.com/news/atlanta-news/fulton-election-results-delayed-after-pipe-bursts-in-room-with-ballots/4T3KPQV7PBEX3JVAIGJBNBSVJY/)The video is around 10:30 PM.  It's probably unrelated.
Its actually not bullshit. Just human pee.
I am shocked. Shocked, I tell you.
Right ! Flushed all the Trump votes away unfortunately
Had me in the first half. Not gonna lie.
Call it essential viral body oils. They'll have injection parties with wine.
If you hit the rank of Sr Director, VACCLIFE will pay $400 of your car payment for any Lexus you want.#I WILL HELP YOU GET TO SR. DIRECTOR!!! DO NOT LET THIS MONEY MAKING OPPORTUNITY PASS YOU UP!
> and become a real boss babe
This is the best vaccine made anywhere there is nothing on the market with as much vaccine power as this vaccine has.
Omgosh and they even give you the cutest monogrammed tumbler after you pay a small startup fee of 7k today!!!!! Yaaaaasssssss Kweeeeeen!!!!!!#BossBabe #GirlPower #MomBoss
Not only women. A large number of guys in my area are pyramid ~~victims~~ schemers, too.   Our whole town has been covered in a haze of essential oils for years. LOL
How often does Babylon Bee make fun of Republicans? I feel like their satire is always on the flip side
I knew the missus and I had finally reached at least lower middle class when she started to show interest in some of those "business opportunities". Was a nice feeling honestly.
just curious, why does this conservative sub have a gadsden flag? that makes no sense
I think if we all go on Twitter and use #MeToo after getting it, it will make it easier.  Did you get the vaccine yet?  Yup, you?  Me too
Have you heard of botox parties? They already do.
I'm sure at least a dozen Utah housewives are already trying to sign up.
No no, it is Betsy's domain and she has the education portfolio. Azar has vaccine.
This must be day one of their training.
Dude I thought I was in the wrong subreddit. I think we found the common ground all of us can agree on. Holy shit the comments are gold lol
While they definitely lean heavily to the right, they do make fun of all sides, it's just rare that their articles making fun of conservatives get reposted here.
I would call this jesting at Republicans-- suburban Christian white women.
They make fun of everyone, scroll through their articles and you will see they go after all sides, even themselves at times.
Maybe you should visit this subreddit more frequently. There is more humor here than in the propaganda the left posts disguised as humor in r/politicalhumor.
Chill out man, being angry all the time like r/politics is lame.
Idk if you read the comments or not but... If you read them most of us are for a vaccine and want one.
Besides this obviously not being true, you're okay with Trump and Carson taking Regeneron something that is actually based on embryonic stem cells?
Thanks captain obvious!I think you have been stung by the bee.
Yeah but see botox is a poison that makes you "prettier" so that's fine. Vaccines are poison laced with microchips to make you sick and trackable. It's just not the same. /s
Not just wives, I have a buddy I went to high school with is sucked into one of those mlm things. You hate to see it.Edit: he _is_ from Utah, however.
Live in Utah, can confirm. The Huns would be all over this.
Let me tell you how you can better your health and wellness plus make some money on the side!
Most Bee/Onion articles are like that; the headline is always the strongest joke.
That makes sense. Like I mentioned in another comment, even though I would consider myself a progressive voter, they crack me up regardless of their posts.
This was posted in R/polticalhumor which leans leftIm glad there are still things both sides can agree upon
Lol that sub hasn't had an actual joke posted in years, nothing but "conservative said a conservative opinion wow so funny they believe that"
I heard the vaccine contains 5g
Amway tried to get me when I was younger. Fortunately, when I went to their recruitment meeting the lead speaker was shit-faced and made a total ass out of himself on stage. He made fun of the reps who actually tried to sell Amway products instead of recruiting more idiots like me, and then invited his wife up there to make a poorly delivered joke about how he doesn't get enough blowjobs for how large her shoe collection is/was. She was visibly mortified by it. Then he tried to end the meeting in a prayer, but slurred his words so bad that it was almost completely incoherent. The guy who was trying to recruit me came running up as soon as it was over and said something about, "Sorry if that was a bit high-level, I didn't expect him to talk about the more advanced techniques for building downlines." I remember thinking, "Are you really just gonna gloss over the wasted degenerate embarrassing his wife and religion on stage?"Trap avoided.
Just before the acai berry fad hit a mutual acquaintance invited me to attend some seminar selling acai juice in an obvious pyramid scheme. The juice admittedly was pretty good, but the guys running it were trying to sell it off as some wonder tonic. One even said he fed it to his old dog and after a week it was running up and down stairs like it was young again. It was funny when I found out a few years later that acai berries aren't really any more nutritious than regular blue berries.
One of my college roommates came home with like six giant boxes of really gross juice. We were like "Ken, bro, what is with all this juice man?" Apparently he had been convinced he could sell it on campus. Spoiler alert, that wasn't allowed. So he ended up having to drink it all himself. We tried it, tasted gross and at least for me it caused me have the worst shits of my life. Thought I was going to die. I'll never forget it, but at least I'll never be the victim of a MLM again, hopefully.....
You are missing the joke I think. It's not anything against a Christian housewife. It's about MLM hunbots who shill essential oils, are anti-vaxxers, and believe their oils are more powerful than actual medicine.
First time I met Grant Cardone was very similar to this. I spoke at an event he was speaking at. He was after me. It was a military/veteran event. He got up on stage and proceeded, I thought, to disrespect and embarrass his wife and it was horrible. He started talking about how manly and tough the audience was and he actually said this, that his wife was probably soaking wet right now. She was there in the audience. He actually had her stand up to introduce her. I was so embarrassed for her.Oh BTW, Grant Cardone is an asshole.
Man, that was some high grade fight milk! Made with all the energy and protein of crow eggs! -FIGHT MILK
It's a little bit over half and half (55% Biden; 45% Trump). That's an estimate, though, and we all know how good the media is at math.
From my understanding of the data. Suburban white folk leaned more towards Biden
Basically, the "safe harbor" date is tomorrow (12/8) and deadline for PA to respond to the most recent lawsuit filed by PA GOP members was originally set as 12/9.  The deadline has been moved up to coincide with the "safe harbor" date.
Care to elaborate more than that? Or are you just trying to stir up the anxiety?
Why couldn't it be contested before the election?
Care to actually read the story, or are you just gonna stay up in the peanut gallery
The dems want to burn up the time on clock, hoping to allow their state electoral boards to give the election to biden without any serious examinations of the vote fraud. It could work, if the courts are not quick to act, of if the courts dont make rulings to prevent the states from providing their electors. The odds of successfully preventing the steal are low, but we are not fully out of hope yet.
Not enough pictures for the dumbass.
Oh shit I thought they meant Captain Kirk lol
this particular case is not a "serious examination of voter fraud" though.  This suit is \*not\* about fraud; it is about constitutionality of mail in voting as it was done in PA (something they had no problem with when the law was passed in 2019 btw, nor in the 2020 primaries).They are seeking an outrageous amount of relief, ie. literally chucking out each and every mail in vote - literally disenfranching 2.5 million people.It is an incredibly long shot that SCOTUS would grant such relief.
Biden would still have enough EV to still win though , right?
Did any case get filed and thrown out for a lack of standing?
Once the ECV is cast it is decided. It doesn't matter if Biden comes out and admits he won through fraud after the fact. He would have to be impeached at that point. Courts cannot just remove him from office.
Probably shrug my shoulders and keep working to be honest.
They said they are not hearing oral arguments, which means they WILL dismiss it out of hand just as in the other states.
My prediction: chicken-shit judges would rather let cheating stand than take the heat of invalidating the "election".
The lower court held a hearing and issued an order with findings of fact. The Arizona Supreme Court will very likely affirm. Either tonight or tomorrow is my guess.
Agreed.  If it should be overturned and is overturned there will be a national meltdown like you've never seen before...likely violent
I don't know why you are downvoted, but you are right.We are too comfortable to ever have a civil war no matter what happens.  Until we have no job, no home with a tv / internet / food to go back to, there will never be a civil war.
Why is it only the good people? - oh they have jobs and money.  " Lawrence was walking to his job at a local market when three suspects committed a robbery/homicide. In an instant, his life was over. "   The judge that let that animal out needs to be impeached from office.
Wallace is following Shepard Smith lead on how to exit Fox
If they didn't fear the results were contested,  they wouldn't bother forcing other people to 'concede' to Biden's media dubbed president-elect status
Except that he's not the president-elect?The AP does not decide who wins or loses an election, as much as they apparently desire that power.
Chris Wallace is a disgusting creature.
He ain't the president elect until the Electoral College says he's the president elect. What part of "the Constitution didn't give the media the power to officially decide an election" don't these people understand?
Wallace always looks/acts like he's either on his way up or on his way down from a drunken bender.
It's true that Trump is contesting the election, but people seem misled on his legal arguments.The problem moderates and Democrats have is this - he's not really claiming fraud cost him the election in court. He claims fraud in public, but his main argument in court is that mail in ballots represent a different class of voter (basically that mail in votes are given preferential treatment over in person voting). I think it's a weak argument, but what happens if Trump's legal argument succeeds?If Trump succeeds and mail in ballots are considered to be given preferential treatment, he can invalidate the results of the election. He's not claiming those votes are fraudulent in court, only that mail in ballots should not be allowed. He's arguing that votes cast by American citizens using mail in ballots should not count. He's not arguing that they were cast by someone other than who the ballot was issued to. He's not arguing that those ballots are fake or fraudulent. He's arguing that mail in votes simply shouldn't count. He's arguing that if you voted by mail, your vote doesn't count. His fraud speech in public is his political cover, but he doesn't argue fraud in court. In court, he's just trying to invalidate the results of the election based on the argument that mail in votes created a seperate class of vote.Many states have laws on the books that pick their electoral college delegates based on the outcome of the popular vote for president in the state. For example, Texas goes red; the Republicans choose the delegates. Those delegates then vote for Trump.  Illinois goes blue, Democrats pick the delegates who vote for Biden.  Those laws were put in place by representatives within the state to decide how that state will choose their president. If Trump succeeds in invalidating the results of the election, state laws are no longer useful. The state could choose whoever they want. (Side note: Trump is banking on them choosing him in this instance. In reality, they could all just vote for Biden).So let's say that Trump convinces the Supreme Court to rule that mail in ballots are a seperate class of voter (preferential treatment). Those are still votes cast by real Americans that are being invalidated over a process. Americans followed a process laid out by their State, in good faith, and now their votes don't count. State protections put in place to make sure delegates vote the way the people voted are now useless. Power has been taken away from the people of that state. That's why some conservatives are turning on Trump. It's a very dangerous legal precedent.It makes sense to invalidate results if there was widespread fraud, but Trump isn't arguing fraud in court. That's the disconnect. Trump needs to argue fraud in court or concede. We need an independent investigation regardless for peace of mind. His current legal argument is nothing more than an attempt to nullify a state election with votes only cast by American citizens of that state. He's not alleging that any significant number of votes were cast in someone else's name or that something devious occurred. His lawyers are not arguing that Democrats committed fraud by voting in someone else's name, that your vote was somehow switched, or any other devious attempt by the Democrats. **His argument is that mail in votes should be illegal. That's why the slogan is count all the "legal" votes rather than "non-fraudulent" votes.** He's hoping to make mail in ballots illegal because they cost him the election. Thus "legal" votes wouldn't include the millions of Americans who voted by mail if Trump wins his lawsuit. It's ultimately an attempt by the leader of the federal executive branch to make a state law ineffective. Then he can have loyal state officials choose delegates to elect him. That's why a lot of moderate conservatives have abandoned Trump. Many moderates on the right view it as an overreach by the head of the federal executive branch on state rights. Many on the left view it as a legal maneuver, but a moral outrage.
Next, people will be pressured to put "Biden is my president" in their Twitter bio just like their pronouns.
Just another way to force people to bend the knee
4 years ago this sub had no problems calling Trump "president" and "president-elect" all through November.
However we never complained 4 years ago about this. Saying things like this makes us look like hypocrites.
But he is in the office of President-elect /s
You mean like how Hillary conceded to Trump on election night?
At some point you're hitting next-level pedantry. I'm *quite* sure that if I look on here 4 years ago, Trump was being called "president elect" and more by this point. (I did, and he was.)
As a matter of interest do you know when people starting referring to Trump as president elect after the 2016 election?  Was it only after the electoral college confirmation?
He does still retain the title of Vice President just with a former on it
When you hold a position of office, you retain the title. Vice President Joe Biden is appropriate.So is President Trump, President Clinton, etc.
>What's the difference this time?The election results are being disputed this time.  When Trump and Obama won, nobody disputed the results.
He literally is. He has been elected president by the people, but he has not been inducted into office yet. The formalities like the electoral college haven't been performed yet, but the election has been decided for all practical purposes.
Technical answer: From a legal definition, no. He won't be until the electoral college votes next week. That's technically how all president elects work.From a general use/practical standpoint: Yes. Enough states have certified that he has the 270 votes needed already, and they just haven't voted yet. We've used the term "presidential elect" in this context for a long time.
Ha I was just arguing about profile gender pronouns with someone. About how its nothing but virtue signaling and trying to show how woke you are.
If Biden were the only candidate remaining, I wouldn't have any issue with calling him President elect. President Trump hasn't conceded, so Biden isn't the only candidate...not the same situation as four years ago...
When ballot counters are lawyering up, I think it is fair to say that the election is still in dispute.Which is why Democrats like Chris Wallace are pushing so hard to force people to say Biden is "president-elect".
As a reminder, he does not become president elect until the electors have been certified. They have not yet been certified.
Because this is the language that has been used for presumptive president-elects since before the internet was a thing.Go find some threads on this sub from 4 years ago, Trump was being called "president" here in November. Yall are being ridiculously pedantic and hypocritical here.
False. The Electoral College hasn't met yet.
It's been done by the media in every election for like 50 years but apparently now for reasons totally unknown we have to make an exception.
Omg you mean an airborne virus can infect people!!!!! Nooooooooooooooooooo!!!!!! Shut the fuck up lmfao
Trump doesn't have to concede for Biden to be recognized as president elect. Trump would have been called President elect even if Hillary didn't concede.
The states are only in question because Trump is claiming fraud that he can't prove in court, those hearings hold no weight. They are theatrics, they are not claiming fraud in court, it's only fraud during those hotel meetings.
I have a couple coworkers who put that shit in their email signatures, cringe as fuck. Thanks Tammy, I now know not to address you as a dude.
So if Clinton were sore loser unwilling to face the reality, then it would've been OK? Gimme a break...
That's not true. President-Elect is not an official term, and candidates have used it following the election for years. Trump used it in November of 2016.There are no rules for when you can call yourself President-Elect because it's just a convenient title people began using in the media decades ago to refer to the apparent winner of the election. The "apparent winner of the election" IS an official designation as determined by the GSA for transition purposes. The GSA with the support of President Trump has made that determination.
You are correct that she conceded the day after the election was held, rather than the night of the election. According to reports, she called to congratulate Trump around 2:30am the morning after the election (shortly after the AP projected Trump as the winner). She didn't actually give the speech until later on that day though. Hillary conceded in public rather than claiming she won. As far as the legal challenges, I'm not sure what you're referring to? I know the Green Party paid for recounts in a few states, but I'm not sure what lawsuits you are talking about? Educate me please.
Way longer then 50 years. President-elect has been used to refer to the winner as called by the AP since Taylor v. Cass in 1848.
Everyone is acting like a child in this situation, Wallace shouldn't be on a high horse about it and Azar should quit being petty.Sometimes I come on the internet for a break from dealing with 3 year olds, only to have to see more of the same behavior. Can everyone go stand in the corner for a few minutes until they chill out?
Every election in history was contested by someone. No court, nor the AG, nor any intelligence agencies, nor even the recounts performed so far are giving any reason to doubt the results.Who cares what the MSM / google are doing. They happen to be colloquially correct in their everyday usage of "president elect", and if someone wants to pick nits over constitutionality I just hope theyre being consistent.
Concession is not a constitutional anything, so while we're talking about what powers "the Constitution didn't give", it certainly did not give Clinton the power to declare Trump the winner. It simply expedites the transition process.270 electoral votes cast in accordance with state rules makes the president.
It seems its been convention for a very long time though and in all honesty I don't see why it matters that much.  If for some reason the electoral college did go against the person who had appeared to be president elect up until that point why would it matter that people referred to that person as president elect for a short time?  It would ultimately end up being meaningless in the scheme of things.
Nothing is "required" but that's how our system and language work. You're certainly free to make up your own rules if it makes you happy.EDIT: I was being snarky, and fact-check shows me wrong, so I shall eat my humble-pie. Miss Manners informs me that Bush should be reverted to "Gov. Bush", and that this dates even to Washington who-- reasoning that there could only be one President-- reverted to "General Washington" post-term.https://www.washingtonpost.com/wp-dyn/content/article/2009/01/20/AR2009012003558.htmlThe more you know!
If it isn't an official term, then Chris Wallace has no business insisting someone use it.But Wallace is a partisan hack shilling for the DNC, so he will anyway.
It's still a word with a definition which he meets though.
Let me guess, by evidence you mean the drunk lady who is on probation for a computer crime and the other guy who sees ghosts? And the famous 90 second video. You guys are just deluding yourself if you think Biden is not the president elect. Why do you Trump has been stingy when it comes to spending on challenging the election?
Clinton conceded the day after: https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2016/nov/09/hillary-clinton-concedes-election-donald-trump-speech
Once they figure out why "Elliot" page playing a gay woman on Netlfix is OK when "he" is not a gay woman any more.
[Too bad it's not their decision to make.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hRCXUNOwOjw&feature=youtu.be&t=18824)
Kemp lined his pockets with $ from China! I hope he's proud of himself.
With all the blatant fraud that's happened and has been brought forward,  it would be a greater travesty of justice to not investigate fully. If we are going to accept mass voter fraud why have elections?
That will never happen. The Democrats are as crooked as they come and will never and have never acted in the interests of this country only to further their own power.
Can't see the line can you Russ?
Chase is a liberal cunt. A hilarious cunt, but a cunt nonetheless.
So basically the moron in the video wants to curtail the 1st Amendment because Libs are funnier than him? That's really his argument? Comedy gold.
Sorry I skipped the seminar on "spew out a bunch of random buzz words".
I WONDER IF SHE REGRETTED HER VOTING CHOICES WHEN SHE KNEW SHE WAS GOING TO DIE.
Yea but shes white... so how much does her life really matter?
The defund the police experiment is proceeding as expected
Quick! Someone call another social worker!
Good job defund the police-ers. You officially have blood on your hands and this is only the beginning.Defund any politician who says defund the police.
I like her in a mask, she doesn't look so....mouthy
Can anyone tell me the moment in time late night became MSNBC and libs just started jerking off to themselves? Does anyone actually do real comedy anymore?
This is what the talking heads never understand.  These TV figures, news casters, teachers, medical staff, politicians...none of them loses so much as a paycheck as a result of the lockdowns.Take davidson's paycheck away for a few months and see how he feels then.  I'd imagine all that cocaine doesn't just pay for itself.
Pete Davidson is a tool.  Nobody should listen to what he has to say.
His claim to fame is dating ariana grande. His stand up sucks, and his best character on SNL only says one word.Pete. Your father died trying to save peoples lives as a firefighter. Did you inherit any of his courage?
Oh? Is pete Davidson being an unfunny elitist snot again? Id like to see how *that* non apology goes. No I dont. Fuck her.
Pete Davidson - he's a guy who gets laughed at. Nobody thinks he is a serious actor or comedian.It was impressive he got the attention of Ariana Grande for even a day, though, but even David Spade got supermodels simply for appearing on Saturday Night Live.But yeah. People who aren't subject to lockdowns, or who are filthy rich, seem to have a really hard time empathising with those who lose everything thanks to Covid-19.
The worst part about this is SNL is somehow allowed to broadcast during COVID* Dozens of unmasked workers* In close proximity to each other* Inside* Taping in front of a live audience* Who are sitting in rows close to each otherThey allow this but shut down schools. WTF.
Well he has Hillary Clinton's face tatted on his body, so... no surprise there. Dude's a fucking joke. A bad one. Just like SNL.
Be aware that Davidson is saying what most of Hollywood and other media people think of the American working class. The arrogance and dislike is hidden most of the time. One thing I have come to realize is that  the Democrats have been seen as champions for the little guy and Republicans are seen as champions for the elite. I think the last four years and especially the pandemic have shown that the true friends of working people are conservatives and the liberals align with the elite and powerful.
Douchebag lives in NY and walks by closed up businesses everyday and is too stupid to realize that somebody's dream died. Just another clueless tard.
I'm not saying this to pile on and I realize comedy is subjective but I find absolutely nothing funny about Pete Davidson.Comedy has all kinds of coping mechanisms for both the comedian and the audience but there was always something classless and cheap about using the death of his own father, a firefighter that died in 9/11, within a bit. I think that incapsulates his lack of range to find funny.The dude is banging Ariana Grande and Kate Beckinsale so what do I know.
First off, I never understood the Pete Davidson hype. I swear people just pretended like he was a super funny guy after he got dumped by Ariana Grande.Second, I really can't believe SNL has decided to go this hard left. I thought 2016 was unbearable and they looked like fools after Trump won, but now they're really doubling down and it's just sad to watch. Their cold opens are always political and rarely funny anymore, and this is coming from someone who thought Melissa McCarthy as Sean Spicer was hilarious. They should honestly do that with Kayleigh because she's way more aggressive with the press than Sean ever was.
Pete Davidson is a huge ass clown and is still the biggest piece of trash to come from Staten Island.
I swear this guy will get his one day. Just takes time.
I thought he was the King of Staten Island? I hope Colin Robinson and Nandor the rentless go visit him but not to make him immortal but just use him as food.
Lol, there are middling lawyers that can make as much as him. Some celeb /s
Is Pete Davidson genetically predisposed to be a smug unfunny asshat? It seems to be the only thing he is good at.
How the fuck is this guy relevant?
And these people think they are the counterculture
He's a fucking idiot and deserves to get a beat down by one of those bar owners
I bet Pete Davidson's dad actually climbed UP the tower because his son was Pete Davidson.
It was in 2008 when SNL took the first hard turn. Before that they leveled the punches 60/40 split. In 2008 it dropped to about 90/10
I stopped watching shitty late night comedy shows in 2009. That's when they started the slide into crapville.
Rough take ... but not wrong. A guy whose livelihood has been completely unaffected by the pandemic should not be taking pot shots at people who stand to lose everything - even if they are doing the wrong thing themselves.Davidson could and should have easily called out the failure of the folks implementing the restrictions to provide adequate support to the small businesses most negatively affected.
You forgot about his asshole eyes
Tbh, I felt like Mad TV was better anyways.
Liberals do. Pretty sure most conservatives stopped watching. They haven't been funny since they lost Bill Hader, Kristen Wiig, and Andy Samberg.
Interesting.  Been wondering why he's the media darling all of a sudden (a while back).  Such a weird, uninteresting choice.  Like, to the point of some media mogul making a bet with another that they could make somebody a super star?  "Go ahead!  Name somebody!  They've got to be a working actor though."
I mean, is it really courage he is lacking? Or just common fucking sense?
Guy managed to screw that up, given that he had to brag to Mac Miller about it.I would think that if someone is in a relationship with someone who makes them happy, they wouldn't need to rub that in someone else's face out of spite.But I mean maybe a little humility is in short supply.
He admitted he wasn't very close with his father.. it shows
Yeah, people forget that David Spade was a ladies man. Fame gets you far. Pete Davidson is underperforming. Just look at that douche Colin Jost.
We are in a post truth society. The left believes whatever they are told to. - investigative journalism dead- questioning the status quo dead- believing that anyone who holds an opposite view is a nazi. Madness
Eh both parties suck the cock of big money interests over the working class. Democrats are just 2 faced about it, Republicans less so.
Who's "starting violence" over this? Why does he get free speech but we can't use our free speech to criticize what he says?
>in the end we are all going to need to have each other's backsFuck that. The democrats spent 6 months allowing rioters to burn down tens of thousands of innocent people's livelihoods, and now enforce rules they themselves don't follow, sinking small businesses and propping up hollywood.We are divided, and it was the left that divided us. I don't want to have their backs, and they clearly don't have ours. They made themselves the enemy. Unity is dead.
Apparently the government forcing you to close your business is the free marketLearn something new every day
SNL with their "You can see Russia from my hoouse" convinced people to this day that she actually said that. They realized the power they had at that moment and ran with it.
If it's not Celebrity Jeopardy, it's crap.
It was long before that but less over,  it's just that the left hadn't completely made EVERYTHING political until around 2008.  9/11, terror, and the state of war also affected the culture.What's happened in recent years though, the generation changed.Idiots like Pete Davidson were little kids on 9/11.   His big 'claim to fame' was making joke about how his father died that day.  They don't have any love for country, their completely brainwashed and radicalized, and that lack of love of country comes right through.In the 90s, Norm MacDonald imitated Bob Dole.  It was pretty sharp stuff, Norm is a Canadian, but fundamentally, he liked Bob Dole.  He didn't know about the politics, but he recognized him as being a solid man, a war hero, and from a more rugged generation of men.  These new comedians are just empty vessels of hate.
I don't think there's anything wrong with mocking something that many perceive as ridiculous, just as long as you do the same for both sides.Joe Biden is a treasure trove of comedy sketches (at least as much as Trump is) and they haven't mocked him once.
It's not about changing hearts or minds.&#x200B;It's about entertaining themselves, and their circle of woke friends.   And that's why it's simply not funny for most of the viewers. It's base level thinking.&#x200B;George Carlin used his comedy to get audiences to think about things. It takes talent to cleverly poke fun at and about ideas, concepts, people... but do so in a way that makes people laugh now, but think later.
It's along the lines of the whole "they don't believe in science" thing, and "reality has a liberal bias". Brand assassination. Our team is great, and so are you if you affiliate yourself with us. Otherwise you're subject to these stereotypes which will be leveled against you with the full weight of our mass media machine. Ridicule for being on the "wrong" team can be pretty persuasive, especially for young people who tend to be more concerned with peer approval.
Liberals waste money more than conservatives. Catering to them will get you more advertising dollars.
In Living Color was great too.
I grew up in the 80's and 90's, so SNL was it for me.  I think MAD TV started mid 90's and it was very good too.
He was 7 when his father died...
They did it before that. Chevy Chase made the entire world think that Gerald Ford was a bumbling buffoon. Gerald Ford in actuality is probably one of the best athletes to ever be President of the United States but you wouldn't know that because of SNL.
They knew that poking fun at Obama would have gotten them all branded as racists, the same as *everybody else* who who ever criticized Mr. "Scandal-Free".
The Black Jeopardy with Tom Hanks was amazing
What makes comedy funny is the self-deprecating nature, making good observations, and making light of situations. SNL now just bashes stuff because they are blinded by partisanship.
Biden is an easy target so your theory will be put to the test.
SNL didn't criticize or riff on anything Obama did because he was black. Full stop. And people talk about "white privilege".
Obama was charming and charismatic, no. SNL managed to do Bill Clinton fine and he oozes charm and charisma.
He is dearly missed. Showed my kids some old episodes and they about died.
In living color was the best. I still quote stuff from their sketches.
No. Everything you just said is wrong. Maybe deal with violence? They've been using violence! Saving one is worth it? That's childish. Save one while tens of thousands of innocent American's livelihoods go up in flames?You're probably not a conservative, but if you are, you are an immature one. These people will dig up the hatchet and stick it in your neck, and it will have been your naivety that's to blame.No more unity. No more ceding. All of that is over. The next time they use violence against us, it needs to be met with a more severe violence. We need to defend ourselves.
Wait till Nikki Haley runs. Women will be stupid again.
Nothing has changed. Had she had a D after her name they would have sung her praises.
I remember the left freaking out because of the poll boost Nixon got from appearing on Laugh In.  Their concern for politics over doing their jobs (entertaining) is nothing new.
>Chevy Chase made the entire world think that Gerald Ford was a bumbling buffoon. Gerald Ford in actuality is probably one of the best athletes to ever be President of the United StatesWhat does one have to do with the other? Plenty of athletes are also bumbling baffoons.
You're butchering her argument and you clearly still don't even get it.Alaska is the ONLY US state to border a hostile nation. Her point was that, unlike governors in the other 49 states, she was much more well versed in geopolitics. This is because she _had_ to be, given that Alaska is the area of first contact with Russia. When Russian fighters buzz US airspace, or Russian navy vessels infringe on US territory, it's the Alaskan governor on the front line of a response. It's her national guard that would be activated, her cities that would be bombed, her people who would die. No other governor had that experience, which was her whole point. Somehow that got turned into what you described. Palin was a troubled candidate to be sure, but this entire disinformation campaign is terrible.
>Palin said something similar thoughThat's not even close to the same thing.Saying you can see Russia from parts of Alaska puts into perspective just how close Alaska is to Russia and how as governor she would have a lot of indirect experience in dealing with Russia. Clearly as governor she isn't like sitting down for meetings with Putin or anything, but Russia is always fucking with our airspace and most of the time it's with Alaska.Claiming she said "I can see Russia from my house!" just makes her sound like a child, which of course was the entire point.
Check out legion of Skanks who prick davidson was on a few times very early on before he got big and left his friends behind. Surprised the woke crowd hasn't gone after him for appearing on there years back. Davidson has always been shit, fuck.. anyone who would get a Hillary tattoo sold out in their man card along time ago.
Liberals tend to be younger. Younger people waste more money. This isn't a controversial statement. That's why the 18-35 year old demographic is the most valuable to advertisers.
Also made fun of someone with 1 eye.
Look what I can do!Used to crack my sister and I up in high school.  What a ridiculous character.  Almost as good as Bobby Lee as a translator.
Why wait? Every openly conservative woman gets degraded by the party of tolerance. Look at the difference in how reddit/twitter react to criticism against Michelle Obama vs Candace Owens.
And among those calling her stupid, Kamala Harris will be the loudest.
They won't be able to do that though since their side will have a woman in the oval office
In fairness Haley is clearly very smart... Palin was truly dumb as a brick.
They haven't torn up Jimmy Kimmel for "The Man Show" yet.So, I'm going to guess it's politically convenient targets they go after.
Right because of the lame stream media telling you that. Sarah Palin is as smart as the next smart woman
Not gonna lie when he actually brought in Crenshaw to roast him my opinion of him went up a lot. He actually apologized and did in in a hilarious way.And he let Crenshaw roast him. My God the poor boy needed to go to a hospital to treat the third degree burns Crenshaw gave him. Link for anyone who has not seen it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0DhWJUBTonM
Windawasha said *conservative*. Democrats consider Collins to be their useful idiot RINO.
I based my opinion exclusively on watching her talk.   She struck me as dumb as a log.   There are plenty of dumb democrats too.
If I remember correctly later on he publicly said he regretted bringing him on the show
And just like that the little bit of respect I was starting to have for him is gone.
Now you know why the Chamber of Commerce, Business Roundtable, Banks, Wall Street and Hollywood are now readily willing to dump and betray their own people and nation for Chinese money.
Time to start handing out treason charges.No mercy.
I like how left media always reports incredible information from anonymous sources while incredible information from actual people get ignored.
This is fascinating because a hundred years ago that's what some Chinese people believed their leaders at the time we doing with foreign interests. Perhaps they learned from that history and weaponized it for their own benefit this time.
That would be fuck --- king epic.
If he does this, I'll have infinite respect form Ted Cruz. He'd be one of the handful of "Republicans" that'd be good in my books going forward, even if I disagree with him on some issues.
When you grow thr beard, you become the badass.  This is the way.
^ this. He is definitely proving himself as of late. Glad to see somebody stand with our President.
This is the battlefield. There will be no others if we don't win this one.
Me too. Cruz is a master tactician for sure, but if it was between the two of them Trump would get my vote.
