Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
R/conservatives, for when you are terrified of the public being able to post to your content.
Who voted these idiots into office?  Citizens of Minneapolis need to engage and vote these morons out.  Voting matters.
Are ACAB people that dumb, what did they expect when the police was no more. For crime to disappear?
In a city that already had a high crime rate what did they think would happen when they defunded the police and the media gave people excuses to commit crimes?
Cause and effect analysis is clearly racist and to suggest otherwise is mansplaining.
No one is going to want to be a cop in that damn city now lol
Cops: You could not live with your failure, and where did that bring you? BACK TO ME!
Its almost like the police are an integral part of our society or something...
Thank You Minneapolis for performing this study, unfortunately the only people paying attention to it are the ones who already knew what was going to happen, so a few more cities are going to have to perform this study before the results actually start being noticed
Follow Up Headline: "All Attempts to Stop John Adams from Spinning Have Failed"
I'm glad they kept the wig on for the burial. Just in case we forgot who he was.
CNN: conservatives are now digging up graves and harassing the dead
You have it all wrong... This is the answer to our clean energy needs , just strap the founding fathers to some generators  and that spin can be harnessed to power the entire country
Imagine thinking the founding fathers are turning in their graves because of Biden and not trump undermining our whole democratic process and institutions that the founders themselves set up.
Regardless of guilt, this was probably her best option honestly. With how important this is, saying anything at all without a lawyer is stupid.
Supposedly she's had fraud charges in the past. Kind of surprising they let people like that run our elections.
She is not the mastermind behind all this. Still, would have been a glorious shitshow if she actually showed up to that interview.
Her daughter is involved as well.  I'd be leaning on that angle pretty hard to get the details.
I'm not an expert in law, but it seems to me that these quick dismissals are not good news. Are the courts refusing to hear these cases due to a lack of apparent evidence, or is there some other thing going on with how the judicial system works?
That's hilarious.  I have Goya products in my pantry right now.  I'll have to remember this and definitely continue buying their products.
Kinda pointless as Biden can just rescind the EO when he takes office.
The very fact that this is even needed illustrates how insane things have gotten.
I'm going to miss this guy (if things don't go our way.)
Anybody know why it was dismissed? Wonderful reporting didn't seem to mention that. Unless of course, I miss it
tbf, her argument was pretty specious. I'm all for the supposition that where there is smoke, there's fire, but she's basically alleging a multi-state, multi-elected official arson conspiracy with very little to go on as far as hard evidence
Honest question here.  Is anyone else seriously concerned that regardless of the outcome, this election tampering and election fraud isn't going get resolved long term?  The behavior we have seen here isn't the actions of a small few.  This behavior is coordinated and widespread.  I find it frightening that so many people regardless of political leanings, would accept such an attack on one of the most fundamental parts of our system.  We have people in our country that genuinely hate the freedoms we have even though doing away with those freedoms would also adversely affect themselves.  This a level of insanity that is hard to grasp.  I don't think this kind of stupid can be fixed.
Based on laches again, what an injustice. The judge ignored the evidence and should resign from office.
I wonder the reason behind the warrant. This seems like a lawsuit to me.
Typical government action of silencing anyone who presents information that makes them look incompetent
DeSantis is a coward. Using government resources to save face. Dope move.
Racism is bad unless you are a democrat. Then it is just a way of life.
Days since a member of the squad said something anti-semitic: 2, I think
She should be removed from America for being a toxic bitch
Is being anti-Israel the same as being anti-Semitic? There is blood on both sides of that conflict. This seems more like political grandstanding to Evangelicals.
It was just a nice area of kids bro trust me bro
Wow, a glimmer of hope in a wasteland of liberal hell.
Spend all of 2020 trying to defund the police and call them thugs and brutal racists. Expect police to spend 2021 locking people in their homes. Makes very little sense to me
Not sure why people think that they can trust the State with a man that slept with his best friend's wife.
Thank god that there are still some people in government that believe in the Constitution!
This is what I hope will happen if the progressives ever try a gun confiscation.
Punishing law abiding citizens is the core function of the California state government, they won't understand a word of this.
The operative word is "claims" - not "evidence". How many "claims" were there of Russian collusion? Did that make it real? Amistad Project is welcome to show all the evidence I'm sure they're keeping just behind that door over there.
The liberals will claim "it's not enough to swing the election". ;))
The fraud is evident no matter how you look at it. Letting this go unchecked and unchanged will forever change voting.
I just want us to seriously look at nuclear energy systems.
Contrary to the narrative, both EU and US carbon emissions have been decreasing for a number of years now.  And these gains have been totally offset and then some by china and india.
This is why we have to take manufacturing back and put them in places with better environmental laws. This doesn't surprise me at all. Not because I think Chinese people are more wasteful, but because they have SOOOO many factories and such shitty environmental laws.
But we need to hamstring our economy with a Green New Deal
Bring it out in court.  Color me skeptical, but I need to see this take a different path than other allegations.  Yeah, this video is the strongest evidence I've seen yet, but I need to see how it actually fares in the justice system.
Even ABC News reported on the election night that the ballot counting had stopped for the night.  *They reported this at 10:30 pm*, JUST as the Republicans had stated.  This is NOT debunked, and if this is ignored as well by the judges, we've got to do something.  We are losing our republic.  This can not stand.
The only thing getting debunked in this video is that the election was legitimate.
Wow this whole article is extremely substantial.. the fact checkers taking the corrupt government officials at their word is just ridiculous.
I love how even on this subreddit, it's the same group of bridagers that come in these threads and state that there's no evidence, even given everything that has been revealed up through this point. I'm thoroughly convinced now that reddit is filled with Chinese bots. No other explanation at this point.
If this happened in one state, I cannot see why it wouldn't have happened in other states.
He is my absolute favorite Old Hollywood actor. He was the first major actor to enlist during WWII at 33 and got his commanding officer to actually send him into the fight. Most actors were used more for recruiting efforts or kept out of the action because of their celebrity status. He was a bad ass pilot and stayed in the Air Force until his mandatory retirement at 60. He even flew a mission in Vietnam. He retired a brigadier general.
Jimmy was one of the good guys. He somehow remained unchanged by Hollywood and stayed a decent man until the day he died. Mr Stewart sure is missed.
Do you ever think that our entire nation is now transforming from Bedford Falls into Pottersville?  Seems pretty obvious to me.
He is my all time favorite actor. After he was given a star to become a Brigadier General in the Air Force he attended a function with Ronald Reagan. Reagan kept mistakingly called him Major General.  In an interview after the event a member of the Press asked him why he did not correct the President.  Jimmy responsed with, "Oh I dunno, It's just Major General sounds so good." Lol.  Class man. Very decent and honorable. And smart. He graduated from Princeton.
Jimmy Stewart would get no clicks today. His whole ethos was stalwart constancy. That's only enough content for one five-minute YouTube video, for today's audiences.
79th Anniversary of Mostly Peaceful Flyover by the Japanese Navy Air Corps - NYT Headline, probably
*No* state level, or local, election should have money from outside the state in it. Period.
This is one step away from calling for the end of citizens united. Spending is speech and it should be free. If you change the name to Charles Koch and post this in r/politics the comments will be pretty similar.
You'd better be equally good with preventing the Koch brother (pretty sure one died) from doing the same thing or you're a hypocrite asshole.  Better yet, overturn citizens united and generally limit money in politics.   Ooh, or here's a good one, just cap what they can spend so candidates have an equal budget.   Let's see who can be effective while dealing with spending constraints.   Seems like a good test for a would be public official.
Wallace's stock has gone down **severely** since he beclowned himself during the first debate. He's now spurned by both his peers in other media groups and his own viewers. I dare say his numbers won't recover anytime soon, if at all.
He should have told Wallace that claim is currently disputed according to his fact checkers.
fuck this guy who said shit about lie after lie regarding russia hoax and impeachment lies
Well of course he did. He clearly views himself as some of sort of neutral "news referee" who gets to decide such matters. His daddy would be rolling over in his grave if he saw this behavior.
This is the weirdest media fixation. Regardless of how clear Biden's victory seems, the electors haven't voted yet. I don't think it's wrong to call him "president-elect," but it's certainly acceptable not to.
Careful supporting this guy, he's more of a stepper than you'd think.
He's a legendary debater. I would love to see him present the argument!
Friendly reminder that in 2016 Donald Trump publicly called Ted Cruz's wife ugly. Here we are, 4+ years later, and Cruz is still firmly in his pocket. Trump owns him.
I just watched the episode.. I thought the writers did a great job describing both sides of the issue.. It's about time someone sticks up for the 99.99%of police that are incredible heroes. All we get, if you follow the mainstream media, is that cops are bad.. That's what comes across even if it's not their intent.  But wait until there's a major problem and the police are the first to arrive to help people. The hypocrites, left media, will be all over that and for a few days, police will be heores again.. Rarely does the media provide both sides of the story.. Usually only the victims, and I'm most cases they're not completely innocent.. Kudos to the writers of blue bloods for being honest and portraying the issues.
Surprised, and happy, that they have not being axed with other police shows. Bravo.
Getting scolded by Santa really is the shittiest cherry on top of the shittiest cake of a year. Poor kid.
It's A NERF GUN for Christ sake.  this guy really chose to shatter a kids fantasy world over taking a stand against a 5 year old against fake guns.
Do not worry folks. This disgusting display right here is not that widespread. I currently work part-time at my local Walmart (I recently moved due to college and had to change jobs) and I have been swamped with multiple requests from parents to direct them to the toy isle for NERF guns. Folks are still buying these and kids are having fun despite lib propaganda.
What the hell are we doing?  Honestly. What reality is this?
Can we crowdfund a complete Nerf armory for this boy and have it delivered by a real Santa?
And then Dad beat the shit out of Santa and was correct to do so.
I've read 2 articles.  Both of them dated the 7th which is today.  One says the audit was denied.  The other says there will be an audit.  Which one should I believe?
So the article was from yesterday, do we know if they started the audit today or yesterday and do we have findings? Also I really hope this does end the corrupt left for good.
If they do, they better not vote for an asshole like Andrew gillum next time
It's only a matter of time before Florida is ruined too, soon we won't have anywhere to live.
New York becoming a ghost town right in front of our eyes thanks to the great leadership of the Democrats in charge
This is bitter sweet. I live in the little brother state Connecticut and A LOT of companies/factories are jumping ship to Southern states because unjustifiable taxes and restrictions are a burden too heavy to bare. Its going to be rough in the coming years for New England but I pray that the population will finally start to realize the Governors are killing their states.
Fucking stop leaving your blue states! You voted for this shit. You live with it.
More evidence that the economy is going to tank starting January 21 2021! Then Biden will blame it on President Trump! The beginning of the end!
I'm asking this out of complete ignorance. Do police officers always draw their guns when conducting a warrant? It seem excessive to me that they would need to have guns out to conduct a warrant in which they are not arresting anybody. I have no idea on the validity of it but apparently shes claiming guns were pointed at her children? Either way the fact that these officers were brandishing guns in the presence of children when no one is threatening the safety of the officers (I'm assuming this since no one was detained) is fucking weird to me.
Call it essential viral body oils. They'll have injection parties with wine.
This is the best vaccine made anywhere there is nothing on the market with as much vaccine power as this vaccine has.
How often does Babylon Bee make fun of Republicans? I feel like their satire is always on the flip side
This is confirmed in the texts between the two local officials who talked about this
Someone clogged the pissbox to clear out a building? That's weak sauce.
So many people have tried to debunk the "suitcase" video. Shouldn't this fact, that the so-called "water main break" they claimed necessitated a stoppage in the count and an evacuation of the building, then clearly be a huge lie used as an excuse to remove election judges from the operation?
Just imagine the shenanigans that went down in that Arena that day
He may be a commie but you have to admit that he usually tells the truth.
They said they are not hearing oral arguments, which means they WILL dismiss it out of hand just as in the other states.
My prediction: chicken-shit judges would rather let cheating stand than take the heat of invalidating the "election".
Wallace is following Shepard Smith lead on how to exit Fox
If they didn't fear the results were contested,  they wouldn't bother forcing other people to 'concede' to Biden's media dubbed president-elect status
He ain't the president elect until the Electoral College says he's the president elect. What part of "the Constitution didn't give the media the power to officially decide an election" don't these people understand?
Chase is a liberal cunt. A hilarious cunt, but a cunt nonetheless.
Pete Davidson is a tool.  Nobody should listen to what he has to say.
Well he has Hillary Clinton's face tatted on his body, so... no surprise there. Dude's a fucking joke. A bad one. Just like SNL.
Douchebag lives in NY and walks by closed up businesses everyday and is too stupid to realize that somebody's dream died. Just another clueless tard.
Pete Davidson is a huge ass clown and is still the biggest piece of trash to come from Staten Island.
He's a fucking idiot and deserves to get a beat down by one of those bar owners
Now you know why the Chamber of Commerce, Business Roundtable, Banks, Wall Street and Hollywood are now readily willing to dump and betray their own people and nation for Chinese money.
At his age I think he either is fine, or close to death.
Prayers for a speedy recovery, as well as no lingering symptoms or permanent damage.
I never understood why it's news when a celebrity or authority figure gets COVID... If they die, let me know...
Reddit is so toxic, someone gets sick and liberals cheer for him to die. Wtf?
This is the deep state corruption at work right in front of our eyes. They somehow got a false positive test so it would suppress his efforts to uncover this ridiculous election fraud. /s
Can the brigaders do anything besides waste money on useless awards?
Yes, we're in a pandemic. People are going to get sick. I wish him quick healing.
Imagine giving Reddit a bunch of money to give pointless awards to posts like this. The politics sub is full of some real loonies.
It's sort of how you know which activities will be deemed essential and which will not...do open churches bring in more tax dollars? Nope, thus not essential. Do open liquor stores and Wal-mart bring in more tax dollars? Yep, clearly essential...
CNN : breaking news, trump once again showing his racism and white supremacy by hinting that lives of non American citizens have no value and do not matter
Armed protesters shouting threats but no arrests were made?  Sounds fishy to me.
So you disenfranchise voters and expect them to be cool with it, got it
It's a little strange to see Democrats like Jocelyn Benson and Gretchen Whitmer getting upset over completely peaceful protests when they've been silent about actual attacks on Republicans ever since Maxine Waters issued her call for violence against conservatives years ago.
Obviously protests like this are only okay if, and only if, done by certain groups and to certain people, and NEVER to democrats.
If he does this, I'll have infinite respect form Ted Cruz. He'd be one of the handful of "Republicans" that'd be good in my books going forward, even if I disagree with him on some issues.
When you grow thr beard, you become the badass.  This is the way.
I am a 65 year old man that is beating it now. My strength is coming back and I am feeling better  every day.
I thought there had only been like 4 confirmed cases of re-infection?  Was she one of them?
My dad had a heart attack Friday and was at a large hospital for 40 hours before he got a room because of the covid patients. It's a big problem that may get worse.
The DOJ cares more about business kickbacks than the integrity of our election smh. Drain the fuckin swamp
Big corporate elites that are deeply connected to the establishment don't like Donald Trump. Shocking.
make sense why they waited until after the election to announce vaccines now?
The teachers union does not give a shit about the kids. All they care about is power and money.
How dare those racist and sexist children try to go to school! Shame on them!
The chicago teachers union will claim the earth is flat if they thought it would get them out of a day of work
There it is!  Making us do our jobs is RAY-SIS!  Fire them all like Reagan fired the Air Traffic Controllers.
Biden is still not president yet. This could still be overturned...
Just sue them one student or faculty member at a time out of existence.
Humble and effective sure, but given how "tolerant" and "respectful" these days seems to be shorthand for "surrenders on all cultural issues" and "bend over and grab your ankles for the press," fuck that.
Show me a leftist and I'll show you a stupid hypocritical asshole.
So did Trump and Kushner. Tons of businesses connected to politicians did.
$500G? Tf is that? Grams of coke? Jokes aside, I believe you're thinking of Grand, which is an informal use of thousand. You denote thousands as K-Kilo, Kilo = Thousand. $500K, $500M, $500B.
They just throw it in our faces and nothing happens. No one gets punished. Not even a little tiny investigation. But if you look a tiny bit off on your tax forms. AUDIT
Polititians get rich one way or another. That's why the swamp is so deep.
While disgusting there are plenty of republicans who do this same BS. Why do you think they fight so much on stimulus bills for Covid? They are arguing over who gets what pork
Guys an asshat, and people are shocked that he's terrible to work for?
I mean he killed thousands in the nursing homes, do people really expect him to be an amazing guy...
No one gives a shit about statistics right now... statistical analysis time was week of/after the election. only thing we need/want now is evidence the courts will accept.
Proper statistical analyses don't mean shit to the left because it undermines 99% of their ideology
Why would anyone associated with politics need coronavirus relief funds during this election cycle?
Don't worry. After all the foreclosures, the government will bail out the banks again so only the homeowners lose.
Oh so *now* we're back to fiscal conservatism, huh. Where have you guys been the last 4 years while I've been complaining about the increasingly ridiculous levels of government spending? Why is discretionary spending going up under a "conservative" government? And what's the point of having all branches of the government if you're not willing to do what needs to be done and finally take a look at "mandatory" spending?
If you want to devalue a currency, this is just about how you do it.
Representing the greatest upward transfer of wealth in the history of the nation.
So......wait dosent this in a way make rhe value of the dollar go down ?
Rush is unfortunately correct. The Electoral Colleges vote in just over a week at this point. If Team Trump is going to make its big play, it needs to happen *now*.
This may be the one of the very few times I agree with Rush.
That is what happens when your legal team just play lawyers on tv
No he said, the media's next move would be to portray all Trump supporters who say that this election is stolen as kooks.
Seems like this sub is all filled up with bots. Might be time to take a break.
Being a hypocrite is almost always worse than anything else. If you wanna be an idiot fine, but at least be consistently stupid.
I pointed this out over on r/trashy and the army that is Reddit downvoted me to oblivion and tried to run me off lmao. I was surprised though by how many came to my defense as well though.
You know it's really bad when Trevor starts giving real news.
Pretty much all my neighbors are left wing democrats with Biden signs on their lawns.  And they still have parties and large gatherings all the time.  And they always complain to me that trump is mishandling the pandemic.  Look in the fucking mirror assholes. hypocrisy is the one unforgivable sin in my book
It is so much more damaging because it shows bad leadership.
I've lost a lot of respect for this man this year, but I gotta admit I appreciate him for making this statement.
THANK YOU! Now that Trump is on his way out, the Trump Derangement Syndrome is wearing off.
Trevor Noah is so not funny. Everytime I see him on TV I just cringe at how stupid he sounds. I hate that guy. How is he even on a comedy show?
can we take a moment to realize how Awful of a daily shot host Trevor Noah was. Back in my liberal days a few years ago I liked him even better than Jon Stewart but now looking back I realize how good Jon Stewart was and how much of a downgrade Trevor is
Only twenty years? I'd be surprised if mental health isn't the worst it's been since the Great Depression.
So you're saying that NBC edited a critical fact?  So like a dispatcher asking a caller what the subject in question's race is?
Where are all the r/politics shills? Why don't you bunch of ass holes pin this story to your shitty sub.
It's already illegal to fraudulently vote for somebody else (as in a dead person). This seems pointless.
I thought I saw some cases where a person died after casting an early ballot, and their vote was discarded by the county. Maybe not in Texas?
They check the voter registration rolls against obituaries, guys. Because this actually used to be a problem. Now the system has safeguards and there is no evidence of dead people voting.
Taking a day off work to head to my Pop's cemetery. He was one of the very few African-Americans serving our Navy and was actually at Pearl Harbor. Rest in peace, Pops.
The fact that these people are in charge of the education of hundreds of thousands of children is absolutely terrifying.
God I wish I had the privilege of saying "that's racist" every time I didn't want to do something.
People need to start pulling their kids out and homeschooling them asap. Fuck this radical bullshit, don't let them teach your kids to hate themselves
Teacher's unions are a cancer on our society that hurt CHILDREN. I'm not sure how dumb or how pathological you need to be to not realize that poor minority children are the ones hit hardest by their lockdowns. They are literally pushing for policies that have the exact opposite outcome to what they're proposing. I'm going to be kind and say this is due to sheer stupidity and not actual malice. The studies are in and there is basically zero risk to children and very little risk FROM children, yet these bastards keep screaming to keep schools shut down.
Skipping out on the debate is going to literally throw this election cycle.
They need to. Regardless of outcome, if this isn't investigated to the fullest extent possible by EVERYONE with the power to do so, I think the backlash will be tremendous.
Now do something about it. If one state falls they all do.
This is more Pfizer crying because they wanted a larger contract...and they're blaming Trump cause they're paid by Biden's fake cancer organization.
