Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
R/conservatives, for when you are terrified of the public being able to post to your content.
We do not have the same limitations as on Reddit, so people of all political beliefs are welcome to the Discord. There are private areas only for verified conservatives as well (if you have flair here just PM a Discord moderator to get into them).
Interestingly enough,  I've been banned from a number of the major subreddits due to their fear of having opposing viewpoints
Proof I know you're not on the server, because it's not like that at all.
I am not even American, but would like to immigrate to the U.S. (legally, of course), and agree with your suggestion
Jesus that second sub is cancer. Not sure how that isn't considered hate. Even more not sure why I looked there.
Show proof or gtfo. This is the stupidest thing lefties believe. That the right (conservatives) supports genocide. You are delusional. Get help.
Hell yeah! We have been in war in the Middle East for almost my entire life. Bring 'em home!!!
I can't wait to see (if he wins) Biden's excuse as to why we need to go back to Afghanistan.
I'm a lefty but if Trump does, I would be eternally grateful.
Not our country, not our problem.  We came for Bin Laden, we got Bin Laden.  Time to roll out.  Maybe help the 80,000 homeless people in California.
Funny how democrats who for 30 years have wanted this are against it all the sudden
What are the consequences of a US pullout of Afghanistan? What vacuum does it create and will this groundwork prevent the circumstances that put the US there in the first place?
No fan of Trump but if this is true, well done.
I'm sure the war drums will start beating again once the swamp is back in the white house. If they keep us scared and mad at poor brown people in distant lands, we won't have our focus on what they're doing to us.
Why now and not 4 years ago? or 3 years ago? or 2?
This is one of two reasons I voted for Trump. These forever wars have to end. No benefit whatsoever from our presence there.
If Trump loses in court and Biden takes over. I give it less than year before those troops turn right back around and are back in Afghanistan.
Withdrawal from the Middle East (correction: and Central Asia) is definitely a good thing, but it should be remembered that a withdrawal after war without stabilizing the region sufficiently usually leads to more unrest (and is part of what started all this).
Many of the soldiers deployed there were not even alive when the towers fell.
For sure.  Trump says a lot of things.  If he can actually do this that would be a great deed
Remember obamas 8 yrs ? So much conflict drone strikes etc
I'm on the left, and this is one thing I'm actually happy to see. I also liked some of the things I read in the NAFTA agreement (or whatever he rebranded it as.) Orange man definitely still bad, but I can be happy when policies I like are put in place. This isn't football, I don't care who is winning so long as what I want is being done.
When do you think conservatives will start caring about the debt and deficit or morals again?
If he does, there will be over 400 electoral red votes.
I am not sure when the GOP became the party to want troop withdrawal (it sure wasn't when Obama was president), but I'm sure hoping you'll keep this perspective in future administrations.
Why did he wait until his last year in office to do this?
Honestly, if the left would've just worked with him, I'm sure some good stuff would get done. He's not as far right as the left seems to be. But the left just had to demonize him. I hope the guy gets another 4 years, but it seems bleak at this point.
I remember when Obama was treated with such wonderful civility and respect. No one would ever dismiss him as not a legitimate president, right? The persecution complex surrounding Trump is pretty pathetic.
Biden ends racism by sending troops back to mostly peaceful war in Afghanistan.
Not all of us.  I'll applaud him if he actually does it.  I was disappointed when Obama did not manage it.  And I have no hopes Biden will do it.
But you forget, there was a virus unleashed by China and riots caused by the lockdowns that Trump was against. If he just never used twitter everything would be fine.
They've proven they're just as good at making us afraid of each other. Suddenly literally every person on the street is a potential murderer.
And he already pulled out of some campaigns and made peace deals
There are no solutions in these situations, only tradeoffs.  There will be problems with any decision (or lack of decision) so we just have to look at the whole picture and decide if we are cool with it.
Stability in Afghanistan is a mirage.  That area has never been stable and never will be.  The British learned that lesson 120 years ago, the Russians learned it 30 years ago, now it's our turn to learn.
ITS BEEN ALMOST 20 FUCKING YEARS, ITS TIME TO MOVE ON.
What is the likelihood we can stabalize the region, regardless of how long it takes? The region has been at war for literal millenia.
I think the US should announce a willingness to pull out and put it to a vote to the country they're in? If people don't want them there, pull out. If things get messy then it's their fault? Haha. Obviously not an airtight plan but maybe the groundwork for one?
Not our problem. Time for us to stop playing world police. Let these shitholes burn to the ground under their own leaderships
I still remember being woke up and told to stand to. We were brought into the rec room with the TV on the news, middle of the night in Okinawa, and most of us initially thought it was just a movie someone had on...
Obama/Clinton/ France's "Humanitarian intervention" into Libya which destroyed the most stable, educated, and healthy country in Africa and replaced it with extremism, civil war, and slavery. Obama didn't ever care for a minute about Libyans.
I can kinda sorta see a benefit to squashing stuff as it pops up before it turns into a bigger problem (ISIS) but there are people in Afghanistan that weren't even alive in 2001. No more long draw out conflicts, the military should only be engaged with a clear victory condition and then it should be unleashed at it's full capacity, no holds barred. If it's not bad enough to do that, it's not bad enough to get involved.
For reals. I mean, I'm fairly liberal, but fuck, isn't this what we wanted? An end to the endless wars? Sign me up.
He had the Senate for 4 years, what difference would that have made.  He's a moron.
I didnt know going to court for a case of voter fraud is being an authoritarian dictator
Not even. Biden voters have nothing but disdain for people of color that vote Republican or lean right. Racial equality only matters when their brown/black skin pets are on their side. People on the left and even some losers on our side didnt vote for Trump because of his "abrasive personality." Dumbest thing ever. This is coming from a person of color btw.
You mean like every Trump supporter is a Nazi and every Democrat is a violent Marxist?
America should never have been the driving force behind stabilizing a country across the entire world from us. We are not the world's policemen. If the UN or nations directly close to the region want to get involved, let them, but there is no reason for America to have troops stationed in the Middle East and Central Asia to stabilize a country. If their destabilization is such an issue, you would expect the nations directly bordering it would be doing more to be involved in the matter.
Full agreement. Afghanistan has been a hellhole of tribal warfare since Alexander the Great, apart from maybe 10-20 years before the Soviet invasion.
The only way to stabilize it would be to go full Temujin, which modern civilized people aren't willing to do, so the smart move would be to cut our losses.
Spend American lives and tax dollars to enrich the military industrial complex, their lobbyists, and their pet congresscreatures.
You think terrorists give a shit about peace agreements? As long as the people in those areas dont want to govern themselves, it's going to be the same shithole its been for a couple hundred years. Pull them all out now it's a total waste of life and time.
There is a reason we have bases in Germany and Japan still...
Yeah, nothing quite like the centrist policy of banning Muslims from entering the country and proposing cuts for Meals on Wheels! He's basically Susan Collins!
Wrong order, al qaeda started because we had to fund and equip the Mujahideen just because they were anti-communist despite the fact the experts in the US government knew that they were radicals who want to establish a global caliphate.
When (since pre9/11) have we given Al Qaeda any sort of aid? Since they were our enemy, I don't believe we've given any aid to them at all, and any politician responsible for doing so would be lynched.
I mean yeah, Orange Man Bad was the actual number one reason, but the pollsters have racial inequality listed first.
Every maskless person and anyone who shakes hands wants to kill grandma. Unless they're rioting for BLM in which case they're immune.
His clear mental decline and him sniffing kids and making women around him uncomfortable.
The main losers in all this will be the Khurds who will be completely slaughtered. I don't trust Russia to have any sort of positive influence in the region considering their track record in Afghanistan and Syria more recently. People are going to die no matter what happens there. There isn't an easy answer but American boots on the ground certainly aren't helping! We just need to come down hard on Russia, Iran, or Syria when they inevitably step in and start stirring up tensions again.
The EU block is heavily against Trump, he is on "War" with China, so what's left is Putin? I mean maybe i miss something, but i think Trump has not done a lot of good with US allies. What's your opinion on this one?
The terror groups are their because of US intervention. Just leaving and securing the US border is all that is necessary to do.
Haha exactly, I'm subbed to politics and Conservative as well. I now hate both parties vehemently. Shows you how much, even when aware of it, media does have an influence on you.
Also this is the only place in Germany that has Taco Bell.
So why tariff the fuck out of all your friends? You know the trade deficit with China has gone up right? The only solution is a trade embargos and the like.
Each person that compares Trump to Hitler and Trump voters to Nazis either had no HS history teacher worth a shit or is a troll.
I know tons of Jewish conservatives. They hate being called Nazi's. Go figure
The ADL is also supposed to be condemning these types of false equivalencies, have they done so yet?
Or they are just delusional, which seems like the most likely option
I'm sorry, I must have missed the part where Trump went to prison, wrote Mein Kampf, started a Nazi party, then seized power. Guess I also fell asleep when he then took control of the people through banning firearms, socialized health care, media propaganda, and gassing Jewish families. You see only what you want to see, through tinted glasses. Now be a good lad and march to the beat that the big tech corporations tell you too.
By that definition Obama is hitler too. Biden will be as well.
Just because the concept of illegal immigrants being kept in cages is new to you does not mean it's new to the United States. You can be proudly ignorant of that or learn something today. Your choice.
"Guy who trains to beat people up for a living wants to beat people up pro bono."
Street Jesus looking to baptize some Antifa pussies.  I welcome those actions and only hope a camera will be around when it happens.
I would love to see videos of Masvidal beating down some leftist cowards
My favorite is when Jon Jones confronted some BLM gremlins that were spray-painting and made them give him their can. They must have known who he was because they showed zero resistance.
Pleaaaaaase!!! I would pay good money to see Jorge  deliver an ass kicking to every single one of these radicals.
Best part is Jorge does not look super intimidating. Antifa thugs would not think twice about fucking with him.
Imagine being in Antifa and thinking you can beat anyone in a fight
Fuck off racist. No joke look at his comment history of racism
Shot in the dark here, but what medications are you on for mental illness?
Something tells me Jorge doesn't see things as you do.. You should look into his past and his beliefs. He escaped communism and almost died doing it at 13 years old. That kind of thing has a big impact on a person. Unlike the privileged kids out larping in all black outfits sneak attacking random people.
Everyone should hate leftist ideology....except Stalin, Mao lovers. People who vote democrat have no idea what they are actually voting for, they just FEEL like its the right thing.
The fuck does being a conservative have to do with incest lmao
I think that was a Freudian slip. Dude wants to bang his sister. Pretty fucking gross, but hey, don't kink shame.
The pokemon generation. Believes in the msm. Thinks he's fighting a war on reddit.
Pro-tip: when you actually understand someone and repeat back what you believe they think, they agree with you.
lol, just wait until he see's what America media has done to legitimize Communism
Sounds about the same how MSM legitimizes the 'peaceful' protesters here in the states.
Well, he is correct.  Who makes money from violence, Racism, social decay?  The media.
The truth is President Macron is correct here. We live in a world where the French do more to uphold and are more committed to the basic tenets of decency and morality than the likes of the New York Times or Washington Post. It is not conservative-allied media that are calling them racists
Heh, yeah, & just wait till the press gets bored with *domestic* stuff cause no Trump.  (Course, Mitch better do some meditating)
Well Biden wants to bring in 125k a year up 800 percent
Buy some land in a remote part of the US ( montana, wyoming, western slope of colorado,) and watch the madness unfold is about all you could do at that point.
It takes someone famous for someone to be arrested, but if you're an average Joe walking to your hotel and being redirected into the vicious mob, you don't even get a second thought.
If there was one thing that would actually unite the country it would be this.
Welp I'm glad the guy was arrested but [there is much more](https://www.dailymail.co.uk/news/article-8952137/Two-robbers-beat-boy-14-broad-daylight-against-scaffolding-order-steal-jacket-bag.html) where that came from.
I commend him for concentrating on raising his kids, but why the F in NYC? Oh wait, wasn't Giuliani the mayor then...
Knockout game is usually played with a group of jogging enthusiasts, this looks to just be a lone pyschopath.
Well, to be fair he did this to another couple and got arrested for it. He's a violent offender with 5 felonies and 12 arrests, he shouldn't have been released for the violent crimes he committed before the Moranis incident.
God I hate the media.  The attack wasn't alleged - it was documented.  The identity of the attacker is alleged, not the attack itself.  Did these fucking morons finish middle school before becoming journalists?  Can they understand the words they write?
I'm all for Moranis being strong and pressing charges. But what the fuck does it have to with him being white?
Doubtful but the guy has had a tough life dealing with his wife die of cancer.
It is a post-riot phenomenon and a so-called "hate crime" that is not being addressed. Whites are being assaulted in this way in multiple instances which have been caught on tape. Who knows how many there have actually been. They receive little press and there is no will, or outrage, to prosecute - just like all of the other no-bail/no-jail crimes being ignored that rioters committed. The reason this got coverage is because he's a celebrity. Law and order is a conservative position, especially not "defunding" police or disregarding crimes committed due to the race of the perpetrator.
Well they care when white people kill black people - as we know that never happens the other direction
"Alleged" is the media's CYA word so they can't get sued.  Particularly if it comes out that there was a hoax/coverup surrounding whatever news piece they were covering.
The guy who did it was black, so somehow that's related to BLM and whatnot
Also it's a black thing.  Not to say that people from all races don't play but it originated in the black community.
Weren't you ever taught "Two Wrongs Don't Make It Right" by your father....oops guess not.
Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
Can I join if i'm not a conservative, just done with liberals?
R/conservatives, for when you are terrified of the public being able to post to your content.
We do not have the same limitations as on Reddit, so people of all political beliefs are welcome to the Discord. There are private areas only for verified conservatives as well (if you have flair here just PM a Discord moderator to get into them).
Interestingly enough,  I've been banned from a number of the major subreddits due to their fear of having opposing viewpoints
Proof I know you're not on the server, because it's not like that at all.
I am not even American, but would like to immigrate to the U.S. (legally, of course), and agree with your suggestion
Jesus that second sub is cancer. Not sure how that isn't considered hate. Even more not sure why I looked there.
Show proof or gtfo. This is the stupidest thing lefties believe. That the right (conservatives) supports genocide. You are delusional. Get help.
