It's the memorial that sits over the battleship Arizona. Parts of it sit above the waterline and it still leaks oil. Quite moving to see it knowing that many souls still rest there!
tRumps fucked attitude is...." what's in it for them?" He's a yuge pile of shit.
I have visited this hallowed place, it moved me in ways i didn't expect. Thanks for your service is just not enough to describe the sacrifice this solemn place reminds we visitors of.
I don't know what that is either...what is it?
Idk, didn't we all think this was the case in 08? Don't jinx it!
With Fox News, OANN, Breitbart, Townhall, and Newsmax, etc., the GOP isn't going anywhere.  If anything the Republicans picked up seats in the House in November, and history says they'll pick up more seats in 2022.  The only way Democrats defend or defeat the GOP is to speak the truth and have a zero tolerance policy for Republican's fabricated reality.
Nah. The old Republican Party is dead. The new Republican Party of extremism and authoritarianism is alive and well
He didn't kill it, he just showed its true colors.
I don't care what anybody says, she would've made a good president.
I wonder where he is planning on building his presidential library...
Trump had always been a piece of shit. And everyone knew that voting for him in 2016. And over 70 million people still know that today and voted for him yet again. He represents a large number of Americans i guess. Its disgusting.
My wife said Loeffler just kept saying.."the Democrats will raise your taxes." She doesn't seem smart.
Do you think this is good for Ossoff to do solo?    The mods seem like they are somewhat defensive of Perdue.
The Georgia Democratic Party is selling Warnock/Ossoff yard signs and raising money to help them win! [https://store.georgiademocrat.org/warnock-ossoff-for-senate-24-x-18-coroplast-yard-sign/](https://store.georgiademocrat.org/warnock-ossoff-for-senate-24-x-18-coroplast-yard-sign/)
Perdue actually performs much better if he doesn't show.  Also, he gets to avoid questions about his stock trading.
Perdue the chicken shit hawk. Lol
Purdue , the yellow belly coward.
Leopards eating faces all over the place!
Should go MI/WIS first, then PA, then AZ, then GA
The only thing I like better than winning all these swing states was trump paying for us to win them all again
I really don't understand how 74 million Americans including my brother don't see this.
This is perfect and should be used over the next year as a vision to help everyone see what the path is.
I respect the fact that my brother in law voted for trump was a big supporter of him but now says he lost fair and square stop the lying get out and lets move on
That last claim was very bold of him
You mean before Biden can fire him?
I thought gaetz got it too
Herman Cain should be center square.
No question Pence had it. He was obviously symptomatic at the debate. I'm assuming most of the rest have gotten it too and just lied because they weren't symptomatic enough for it to become news. There's really no way Jarvanka & Barr have escaped infection having been around Trump and the other stupidspreaders maskless so often. McConnell probably too or just lying about some other horrible condition he has.
Ivanka will get you double bingo!
I feel like the term "leftist" has pretty much lost all meaning and is basically a catch-all for anyone a Republican disagrees with. Just my opinion though...
Not gonna watch, but he needs to not be a pussy bitch and attack her for being in the 1% and can't fathom what it's like for real Georgians.
You can smell the old man in this pic.
Please....give Biden the tools he needs.
They were never really your friends if you lost them so easily.
Jokes on those friends I unfriended them early one once I realized they intended on voting for the worst president in US history.
Trump is a desperate, cornered man. Whatever he's afraid of, he obviously knows it's going to be bad.
A pretty accurate indicator of how many actual "conservatives" are left in the GOP who have not been radicalized by Trump into anti-democracy, anti-Constitution cultists at his beck and call.
Go Fund Me for buying Congress?
I don't see any Russian flags on those jackets... Must be an oversight.
It's funny because it applies to Republicans *and* Democrats!
uhhh congress consists of ~50% Democrats. self report?
My representative (Adam Smith) would be filled to the brim with defense contractors.
It's all about supporting pro-life policies. Although many seem to forget that to be truly pro-life, you need to oppose capital punishment, you need to care about feeding the homeless, you need to care about poverty, you need to care about healthcare, you need to care about racism. The Republican party has problems in all of those areas.
r/conservative has essentially become the new home for r/The_Donald users.
They are scum of the earth. Thank god I left the Republican Party...
I understand particles of saliva or a stream of spit when you sneeze but there should not be LARGE *CHUNKS* OF SPIT AND POSSIBLY FOOD SPRAYING OUT OF YOUR MOUTH  and NOT even an elbow to the mouth...this person needs help
This needs to be in history books
....in case you're wondering why we are having another mass outbreak....
Imagine showing someone in 2010 this picture
I hate to profile but this dude looks EXACTLY how I would expect him to.
These fuckers have single-handedly ruined several sunglasses brands for me. Can't look at Oakleys anymore without picturing Trump's flock.
All that hate and not one real American in that picture.
This is why Biden won. How many old Trumpers were dead or in critical condition and couldnt vote. Trump killed too much of his base.
This just reminds me that most of the Trump supporters live in rural areas and not the actual city according to the results of the 2020 Presidential Race Map . Land Doesn't Vote, People Vote.
OMG WHY ARE THEY SCARED OF HIM
i really hope they can both take the time and listen to each other, I sure won't with these people
Its like watching two serial killers have a slap fight over who gets to kill us first
If the Republicans lose both senate seats in Georgia the party will implode.
How is this not an attempted coup?
If we win Georgia I will buy a crate full of peaches
I'm confused. Are they pro coup or anti coup? This sign does not provide enough information.
I'm pretty sure promoting a coup falls afoul of some sort of federal law.
This is so unclear and inscrutable, it may as well be an art project.
As the husband of a teacher, I sure do miss her.
Making a whole new batch of trump fans.
I would say that should be the new republican mascot, but they don't deserve an animal as awesome as a leopard.
Georgia Republican Election Overseers be like
I am extremely interested in farts, its very important, its not weird to have an obsession with them at all.
\*Gasp!\*  You mean that trump is *lying* to us?!?
For the last four years America has not had a president.
Please vote. A friend from Europe.
If we learned anything this year, it's that Republican voters lie to pollsters as casually as Republican politicians lie to everyone else.
Right on. Well done. Thanks for sharing.
Joe Biden or future Ryan Reynolds? :o
I live in a very red county in a very blue state, the flag laden truck caravans still remind everyone that their candidate was robbed of an election, so I wish I could share your observations.
My dad is a trump supporter and even he took the bumper stickers off of his car. I was quite surprised..
I want them to go to prison more than anyone. Extremely unlikely to happen though.
I hope this is him. He deserves it for every crime he has committed
right wing morons, jerks, and a-wholes is what they are
Even jobless, penniless, and homeless the red-state voters will incredulously try to find a way to justify a way to vote GOP.
When Trump challenges him to a fiddle competition
There's time. And it has to be handled wisely. This is a State election even though there are national implications. That's a fine line. He's wise and waiting to see what Trump does. There's also a pandemic and traveling there right now doesn't send the best message. But I have a question. What are YOU doing right now towards winning in Georgia?
It brings me a little bit of comfort knowing we outnumber the crazies.
Who is that with the purple hair?
Captain Kelly is now Senator Kelly!
We all see it... we all see it...
Mutant Registration Act coming our way.
This dude has my vote for Pres in a few years for sure. He has got some serious credentials.
It's so stupid. I say merry Christmas to people who celebrate Christmas. I say happy holidays to people who don't. I doubt anyone cares.
That entire party is just two vulgar babies in a trenchcoat at this point.
Republicans are basically the Taliban now.
This is down right criminal that Dejoy can stay in his position past Trump's term. It's interesting how the Republican party is all for the constitution when it suits them, but when the USPS is involved the US Constitution goes out the window.
There will be long term damage from Trump for decades. The GOP is on the verge of completing one of their biggest goals, the destruction of the Post Office.
Defund the police is a ham fisted phrase that does not communicate what the problem actually is. I don't think anyone believes that defund the police means just cut their budget and the problem is solved. Yet, the phrase says/indicates nothing else. Irrespective of the motivation behind it ( which I support whole heartedly) it is a very easy phrase to reject simply because it is worded so simplistically. Dismantle and Rebuild are much closer to what needs to happen, a much more complex idea to grapple with so not a very impactful slogan.
It's the same fucking thing. They should just change the wording to stop this nonsense.
Defund the Police is the kind of catch phrase you get when you have no one fronting your PR. It's a horrible fucking phrase that doesn't at all describe what most decent people actually want, which is for the police to have a more focused job, be demilitarized, and stop shooting people so god damned much. People talking of defunding the police literally gift wraps talking points for the far right pundits and does nothing to advance the cause of actually fixing the problems with policing in the US.
Reform? Nah, start over then replace maybe. We've tried reform when you were in office, took less then a year to undo all the executive orders you put in, and another 2 years to put them back. Start a new service don't hire unionized cops, work on mental care and descelation.
Whoever thought of the "Defund the Police" slogan should be strung up.  This probably cost Democrats several House and Senate seats, and doesn't even sum up what they want to accomplish.
WTAF. He looks like Boris Johnson in his father's pants.
Is he wearing a long skirt? How interesting?
Look at that shitty cut on the orange turds suit. Fucking moron.
Steve Buscemi is a national treasure and we should all aspire to be as cool as him!
Q-anon is about the most accurate stupid-detector ever invented.
So they can fit a tracking chip into a needle when they inject you with the Covid vaccine, but Biden has to wear a boot to cover his?
This is fairly mild for the Qanon types. They even claim that Obama has literal clones roaming around the country to help the real Obama evade arrest.
Imagine when they realize the government is going door to door putting anal probes in all Qanon idiots.
I like to think the people who created QAnon are either remorseful or now sick of it and just keep creating more and more outlandish theories with the hope that their followers will give up but keep getting progressively more frustrated as people still buy into stuff like this.
I wonder if these people have schizophrenia or something. Isn't that a hallmark of that disease, where people are paranoid and think all sorts of crazy things are happening?
That's true. I was the boot. Joe got arrested for loving America too much
We make fun, but this Q s**t is breaking up families.
Of all the people who need a monitor, Biden is not one.
Shouldn't China be involved in this?
So they secretly arrested Biden, but he's free to go and live his life like nothing happened. OK.
Are they trolling... can they be that fucking dumb
Lol! There are so many easier ways a person could hide an ankle bracelet. Why would he choose the most ridiculous way possible?
Who are we to argue with that??
But Dear Leader only has the best working for him, this is obviously a Deep State Obama plot. Changing all the forms and moving the TCF Center to Michigan in the middle of the night. Evil people using the power they get from eating orphans to keep the god king from taking his rightful position because he totally won by a lot. /s
Frankenstein has lost control of his monster.
I dunno I'm enjoying today.  Bill Barr admitted no election fraud, Sidney Powell filed a lawsuit claiming fraud in Edison County Michigan (a county that doesn't even exist), and Trump is retweeting conspiracies from an account called "catturd2."  All in all, a good day LOL
The whole foot microfracture thing made me realize just how much news has slowed back down to normal levels.     It feels like a breath of fresh air.
I mean...... idk what to say. Everyday seems to be news of how he and his team are blatantly trying ti break our democracy
Says the person posting about trump?
Okay, what's the time bet that Trump will fire him? Are we talking 24hrs? 48hrs? 12hrs?
And no deplorable revolution. Trump is such a loser.
Have the rage tweets started yet?
Translation: There was Election Fraud, but it was committed by Trump supporters and Trump lost anyway.
Trump gonna start saying Barr is a plant and a hack?
Man I hate upvoting something Barr said...
Is that there was fraud but it wouldn't change the outcome of there was no fraud?
He can't, and if he does it would be instant civil war.
The only new election voting center will be at the 4 seasons total landscaping. Vip list only.
Ladies and gentlemen, we are officially dealing with fascists
It takes time to prepare for and hold a new election. In the mean time, Nancy Pelosi will become president on January 21st.
Ohio is just "northern Mississippi" for me now. And Florida is just "dick shaped Mississippi"
Because of fucking course he did.
Be really gets off on fucking people over.
Let me guess, some more $130,000 checks have been found in Rudy's drawers...
Thank the absence of the Fairness Doctrine, which required broadcasters to give time to opposing views. Fox News and other outlets are pushing BS 24 hours a day and people have become addicted to hearing only one side of any possible argument or set of "facts." Factual truth is now very vulnerable to corruption by parties intent on pushing "alternative facts" that support their views but that are actually fabrications or at best distortions of reality.
Just delete my student loans please. I promise to inject that $400/month directly into the economy.
people keep saying this like he isnt going to pardon himself on the way out the door
Brian Kemp should've been charged for what he did.
They can't stop the election that's already happened and been counted and certified; but they sure would like to nip this whole voter participation thing in the bud before it gets out of hand....
DAMN YOUUU GEORRRGE SECRETARYYY!!!!  OF STATE!
I really wish to Democrats would build out this liberal talk network like they Republicans have
This dude may not have much of a following after thread.
Yay for science! This is a win. Plus Mark Kelly unseated Martha McSally.
It's like watching a child try to get out of trouble by yelling at the parents
Trump thinks Biden vote is so valuable he paid 35k per vote.
I feel like that snickering cartoon dog right now.
Hilarious. Not to mention the money this caused the Biden team to raise to fight legal challenges that ended up getting thrown out anyways
Seeing Trump losing and losing again since Nov 6th would be delightful if he didn't have 11 weeks to screw the country up.
It's so the stocks can come crashing down once Biden is President.  It makes absolutely no sense for the stock market to have a record high when the GDP is at a record drop. This will all be Biden's fault immediately just like the debt, deficit, and COVID deaths.  That's just how Republicans roll.
YAH not gonna happen in my state. I live in Georgia, land of the "right to work". You can literally be fired for almost anything here and there are hardly any unions.
Damn. This is inhumane. Same thing at Amazon where one of the workers in the warehouse had a heart attack and died. The managers made everyone else keep working near the body.
The unions that represent Old Navy workers? On what planet?
Break up big companies, increase competition for workers, get around RTW laws.
Im From Michigan AAAAAAAAAAAAAA I Get It....
The last picture would be more accurate if the baby was throwing a tantrum and aggressively trying to break everything.
reminder that Republicans have won more popular votes in the presidency once after 1988 to today
`Facts don't care about your feelings!`
Do we all get to have at least one f*** your feelings moment, before we proceed to solve in the problems of practical reality? After all that's what Democrats do, clean up messes left by Republicans, and then get blamed by the reactionary right.....
He sounds like he is in a cult.
Why does every conservative have an obsession with Hillary
If he really trusts the courts then he'll find out the truth soon!
