I feel net neutrality is too vital a thing to leave up to a small indirectly elected group of people to decide.
He also warned 45 about Mike Flynn.
[To learn about Net Neutrality, why it's important, and/or want tools to help you fight for Net Neutrality, visit BattleForTheNet](https://www.battleforthenet.com)**Write the FCC members directly here (Fill their inbox)**Name|Email|Twitter|Title|Party:--|:--|:--|:--|:--Ajit Pai|Ajit.Pai@fcc.gov|[@AjitPaiFCC](https://twitter.com/ajitpaifcc)|Chairman|RMichael O'Rielly|Mike.ORielly@fcc.gov|[@MikeOFCC](https://twitter.com/mikeofcc)|Commissioner|RBrendan Carr|Brendan.Carr@fcc.gov|[@BrendanCarrFCC](https://twitter.com/brendancarrfcc)|Commissioner|RMignon Clyburn|Mignon.Clyburn@fcc.gov|[@MClyburnFCC](https://twitter.com/mclyburnfcc)|Commissioner|DJessica Rosenworcel|Jessica.Rosenworcel@fcc.gov|[@JRosenworcel](https://twitter.com/JRosenworcel)|Commissioner|D[Write to the FCC here](https://www.fcc.gov/about/contact)Write to your [House Representative here](http://www.house.gov/representatives/find/) and [Senators here](https://www.senate.gov/general/contact_information/senators_cfm.cfm?OrderBy=state)Add a comment to the repeal [here](https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/filings?proceedings_name=17-108&amp;sort=date_disseminated,DESC) (and [here's](http://www.gofccyourself.com) an easier URL you can use thanks to John Oliver)[You can also use this to help you contact your house and congressional reps.](https://resistbot.io/) It's easy to use and cuts down on the transaction costs with writing a letter to your reps[Whitehouse.gov petition here](https://petitions.whitehouse.gov/petition/do-not-repeal-net-neutrality)You can support groups like the Electronic Frontier Foundation and the ACLU and Free Press who are fighting to keep Net Neutrality:* https://www.eff.org/* https://www.aclu.org/* https://www.freepress.net/* https://www.fightforthefuture.org/* https://www.publicknowledge.org/* https://www.demandprogress.org/[Set them as your charity on Amazon Smile here](https://smile.amazon.com/)[Also check this out](https://democracy.io/#!/), which was made by the EFF and is a low transaction cost tool for writing all your reps in one fell swoop.[International Petition here](https://www.savetheinternet.com/sti-home)Most importantly, ***VOTE***. This should not be something that is so clearly split between the political parties as it affects all Americans, but unfortunately it is.	 	 -/u/NetNeutralityBot	 	 
The same people on the internet begging and screaming for net neutrality just years ago are now opposed to it. Why you ask? Because trump told them to be - this is the real damage done by trump, the acceptance of anything he does without question. Any time he says news is fake, that an immigrant group is bad, that a candidate isn't tough on crime, millions of people take that as fact, without any critical thought or fact finding. Shameful.
I'm sure these comments will be civil, respectful, and level-headed!
I am a conservative at heart, but this is one of the few things I will stand up and say I support Obama on. I will also call out trump and republicans for being against it, I have contacted many of them on Twitter, email, and fax trying to do my part. 
And we know all the good internet companies were all founded after 2015. 
I miss him, though I'm not an American citizen...
Yet ISPs can STILL throttle your internet even with Title II
ITT: But Obama put Pai on the FCC... despite having to because the Republicans wanted them there, but that's beside the point because then be couldn't push the false 'Obama did everything bad' narrative.
One of the greatest presidents of all time. 
I am not a democrat. And I do not agree with some things obama did. But no one can agrue this. Thanks Obama.
I miss him. He was a real president. Unlike this sociopath we have now
Poor guy. I only ever said that sarcasticaly before. 
So much astroturfing below. The talking points currently being pushed are:1) Flynn was Obama's mistake somehow2) Net neutrality was killed by Obama for reasons3) Democrats want everything to be about Russia
This Country was truely privileged to have you as the President of these United States of America twice Sir !  Your stalwart service and accomplishments in the face of incredibly rude and insane opposition is an inspiration to future Presidents ! It is too bad you can only serve twice...
[CNN: White House claims Obama admin approved Flynn calls with Russian ambassador](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/362856-cnn-white-house-claims-obama-admin-approved-flynn-calls-with-russian)
> this is the real damage done by trumpThis is the easy way out rather than elaborating on the real cause. Lack of critical thinking, lack of meaningful discussion, lack of better platforms that break silos. It's easy to blame a scapegoat. There will always be men and women like trump, who will do anything and everything to latch onto power. The world will never stop producing them.It's the responsibility of society to make everyone inclusive. An inclusive society will nip people like trump at their buds. The real problem is lack of awareness, lack of proper oversight on media, lack of punishment on the media for reporting false facts.I hope to see a day when a single deliberate lie from a politician or a media person will mean the end of a career.
so the donald doesnt support NN?
The president is required to appoint at least 2 people nominated by the other party. The GOP nominated Ajit Pai, and Obama had to appoint him.
Presidents must nominate FCC Commissioners on a 3-2 basis out of bipartisanship. In this case Obama got the Republican recommendation from Mitch McConnell. While Wheeler announced his plans in 2015 for Title II rules Ajit Pai expressed his discontent yet was not able to do anything about it. In 2017 Trump re-nominated Pai as FCC Chairman fully aware of Pai's interests.In short, Obama did not nominate Pai as Chairman, and Pai would have been out of the FCC if Trump did not re-select him. Trump is 100% liable.
I assume you're referring to Ajit Pai, current head, and no, Trump appointed him to be Chairman of the FCC, not Obama.If you're referring to Pai having previously been an FCC Commissioner, you're still wrong as the President does not appoint the Commissioner seats, those are appointed by Congress, with 2 going to the minority and 3 to the majority party of which the President appoints one to be Chair.
He did, but his administration also put net neutrality laws in place. It took a ton of public prompting and you bet your ass they didn't want to because of that sweet bribe money, but in the end the administration did side with the people. In the sad state this country is in where only rich folks or businesses make the rules, that was a pretty big deal.
Appointed at the request of Mitch Turtle FuckmcFuck. And he wasn't the head so he was just there to piss and moan for Verizon.
The FCC has to be bipartisan by law. He approved a McConnell recommendation for a seat. 
The president is required to appoint at least 2 people nominated by the other party. The GOP nominated Ajit Pai, and Obama had to appoint him
Slightly misleading. He was appointed Commissioner by then President Barrack Obama in 2012.In 2017 President Donald Trump appointed Ajit Pai Chairman of the FCC. 
Not as the FCC head. That was Trump.
Hundreds of thousands? That sounds high.
Comrade, your boss Comrade Putin wants you back in Moscow IMMEDIATELY... you better run along.
That's not correct. Obama listened to his generals as he understood war is one area that he is not an expert. 
Look at the rates that they were increasing before Obama things would be even worse by now. If Obamacare wasn't gutted it might have not gotten so bad.
Insurance premiums have been increasing at a rapid pace for a long time. 
*stands on desk* "Oh captain, my captain!"
https://np.reddit.com/r/KeepOurNetFree/comments/7ej1nd/fcc_unveils_its_plan_to_repeal_net_neutrality/dq5hlwd/?sh=45a33b81&st=JAA62V5F>2005 - Madison River Communications was blocking VOIP services. The FCC put a stop to it.>2005 - Comcast was denying access to p2p services without notifying customers.>2007-2009 - AT&T was having Skype and other VOIPs blocked because they didn't like there was competition for their cellphones.>2011 - MetroPCS tried to block all streaming except youtube. (edit: they actually sued the FCC over this)>2011-2013, AT&T, Sprint, and Verizon were blocking access to Google Wallet because it competed with their bullshit. edit: this one happened literally months after the trio were busted collaborating with Google to block apps from the android marketplace>2012, Verizon was demanding google block tethering apps on android because it let owners avoid their $20 tethering fee. This was despite guaranteeing they wouldn't do that as part of a winning bid on an airwaves auction. (edit: they were fined $1.25million over this)>2012, AT&T - tried to block access to FaceTime unless customers paid more money.>2013, Verizon literally stated that the only thing stopping them from favoring some content providers over other providers were the net neutrality rules in place.>The foundation of Reason's argument is that Net Neutrality is unnecessary because we've never had issues without it. I think this timeline shows just how crucial it really is to a free and open internet.
Nakedcapitalism is where I go to gets muh newz...dotard is PERSONALLY benefiting by going to his golf courses all the time on our dime.  But it's ok, he has the magic (R) next to his name
...at the recommendation of Mitch McConnell.
Pai is just a republican goon.  Any other republican would be doing the same thing.  Obama had to appoint a republican because the committee has to be bi-partisan.  The guy Obama put in charge enacted title 2 protections.  The guy Trump put in charge is trying to get rid of title 2.  That is all there is to it.  Implying that Pai is Obama's fault is ignorant and misleading.  Pure propaganda and fake news.
To be fair he was following McConnell's recommendation who at the time was the minority leader. This also happened 3 years before net neutrality laws were passed. There was no way he could have seen this coming at that time.
The president is required to appoint at least 2 people nominated by the other party. The GOP nominated Ajit Pai, and Obama had to appoint him
Sigh.  Obama was required to appoint two people from the other party.  Turtle picked him.Dotard had to do the same but he appointed Pieshit as the head.
Yep and presided over the worst NSA snooping scandal to ever have been perpetrated on the American people and abroad.
Why do you fucking idiot Trumptards always put the blame on everyone else? 
The cash was Iran's to start with; it had been frozen for decades. When Iran signed the nuke deal, they got their cash back.But please don't let the facts get in your way.
Nominated at the recommendation of Mitch McConnell to fill a republican seat at the fcc. 
"at the recommendation of Mitch McConnell."Meaning Pai's appointment was part of a trade. The GOP held almost every appointment hostage unless they got something.Now you might argue "Well Obama shouldn't have done that deal then." But Obama's in a tight spot. Obama is the hostage negotiator in this situation. Worse: he can't just give up and tell SWAT to go in and shoot these particular hostage takers. He HAS to negotiate with them, because half the voters actually *want* them to do this stuff. So they aren't going anywhere.That's basically Obama's whole domestic presidency in a nutshell: one long series of hostage situations (obstruction, the shutdown, the Supreme Court).
No, Obama didn't make him the head of the FCC.  Perhaps you should google this easily found information.  Also you might learn EVERY SINGLE REPUBLICAN voted for him.  But let's blame one guy, Obama, for not realizing what a sack of shit Pai would be once Republicans had control.  Because that is what is enabling him, not Obama. 
How many fucking times do I have to clarify this to people. There is longstanding tradition for partisan committee members to be appointed at the recommendation of others in house/congress. In this case, McConnell requested Pai and Obama nominated him. Ultimately, trump is the one responsible for choosing him to lead the FCC. Stop with this revisionist history bullshit!
It's never too late to say 'thank you'.
All this shit is in less than  1 years
Not American, but didn't Obama warn the current government about Flynn? Again, not American and tune out most American politics thing. 
>Trump white house blames Obama without backing it up with evidence You don't say.
The White House saying something used to mean shit, now it's just shit.
I've already seen some #MAGAheads on Twitter emphasize that Flynn was an "Obama-era appointee".
Lmao I'm so glad a courtroom has people with 2 braincells to rub together unlike the Fox News audience.Yes that makes perfect sense, the sitting president gave a civilian authorization to undermine national foreign policy with Russia. *facepalm*Thank god if anyone tries to fight charges they'll have to try and win in one of the most liberal cities in America: D.C. 
Because the POTUS personally approves Security Clearances
You do know that he retired in 2014, and these events being reported happened in 2015/2016/2017 right?
Welcome to Earth. Try the cheese.
They gave a shit for a half second when dotard signed the bill allowing ISPs to share/sell your information.  But that 2nd drink of kool-aid saw it pissed off liberals so it must be awesome.  Only liberals want net neutrality now...literally had this convo on twitter "Because if Democrats want it so bad, it must be bad"
Just go their sub and mention the issue and see how many minutes ut takes before youre banned. Their official line now is that NN didnt exist before 2015 and that Soros was a major player in making the law. 
And the Senate approved him unanimously. 
Is that just a courtesy or is it a law?
Pai WAS appointed by Obama to the FCC in 2012 and the Senate confirmed him with a unanimous vote: https://www.fcc.gov/about/leadership/ajit-pai
They only put them in place after he tried this same shit and everyone raised hell about it.
Who twisted his arm to appoint Tom Wheeler, who was initially opposed to net neutrality before being confronted by protesters?
More like "People know how government works, don't they?"  Obama was required to assign at least two people from the opposite party.  Turtle McFuck chose Pieshit.
Not a fan of him but there is no way Trumps bodycount is higher than Obama's yet.Maybe if he provokes a war with North Korea or invades Iran then I could see him being responsible for more deaths than Obama or the Bush's, but were just not there yet.
Do you know how many civilians needlessly died under his watch? Is there any good reason we need to be helping the Saudis commit genocide in Yemen? Did Gaddafi really have to go, leaving Libya in chaos for decades?  
You can't up vote garbage to the front page and expect everyone to ignore it
We call them leaders for a reason.  Also, he's the commander in chief. He's the boss of the generals, these decisions fall on him at the end of the day.
Does that excuse work for trump too in the mistakes made during his current term?
Odd. When the NSA was caught literally spying on everyone I didn't see the all spammed to fuck for months on end with Obama's face and how he was allowing all this shit and lying about being "the most open administration".Weird how that was completely disassociated from Obama at the time and put onto the government in general and NSA whereas this net neutrality bullshit is being piled up onto Republicans (even though Democrats accept almost as much from ISPs!) and Trump.
I am very left leaning and I immediately thought this post was bullshit. Democrats need to learn to have conversations instead of just assuming anyone who goes against Obama or the Dems are alt right. This is how you turn people away, there is no discourse. Look it up, Obama appointed this dude and I remember NN being a big deal before trump. Stop this bs revisionist version of Obama, he had plenty of faults 
Obama means family. Family means no one gets left behind. Or forgotten. 
Yeah, I know-oh-oh, that I let you downIs it too late to say 'thank you' now?
> SOPA> PIPAThose were Republican bills that were opposed by most Democrats and Democratic leadership. You can hardly blame Obama for them. No doubt had they come to his desk he would've VETOed them.Snowden is a fair criticism of Obama if you're a big believer in public whistle-blowing, but is irrelevant to Net Neutrality.
But when he does, they're the best lies, possibly in all of history they are the greatest lies, I don't know but they are definitely beautiful lies. 
From Flynn's wikipedia page:>He was appointed by President Barack Obama as the eighteenth director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, serving from July 2012 to his retirement from the military in August 2014.
As a liberal, I can honestly say that I have never hated an idea simply because a conservative supported it. There are, however Democrats that do just that. It's a sad result of our state.
I believe courtesy, but even if he rejected Pai they'd nominate another ideologically similar candidate. 
That sounds pretty crazy, I wish I was following politics back then. getting surrounded by protestors at your house is pretty wild, and the even crazier thing is a guy changing his mind.
You make me feel bad for Comcast, the company that shits on competition through lobbying and legislation, making it in many areas the only ISP of choice. They instead also get to feel what it's like to be fucked by the government, so it's pretty damn satisfying and until internet providers can operate in a free market, I hope net neutrality stays. 
Maybe he based his decision on the fact that those shit companies have monopolized the market and have no inncentive to provide better service to their customers...
I think people dislike him because he killed innocent civilians with illegal drone strikes and shat on the 4th amendment for 8 years. 
> claims republicans believe Fox News propaganda > spews Reddit rhetoric Lol. When you point a finger you have three pointing right back. 
Requirement of the president.  Has two pick at least two from the opposing party.
>  Obama appointed this dude Because, by law, he had to appoint a Republican so he asked the Republicans who they wanted and they choose Ajit. You need to learn to do some basic research...
Wrong.  Obama was required to pick two people from the opposing party.  Mitch McConnell picked Ajit.Trump promoted him because he knew he'd fuck it up.
This is a pretty blatant false equivalency. 
I'm gonna need to invoke Poe's Law on this one. 
For the sake of time and not wanting to cramp my fingers with that much typing,  [here's one of the many lists](http://www.politifact.com/personalities/donald-trump/statements/byruling/false/) of all the easy to verify lies he's shat out of his gaping volume hole.  With links to documentation.  Don't take my word for it though, Google 'trump lies' and settle in for the weekend. 
And then fired... then he warned Trump about him... then knowing that information Trump hired him 
I'm aware. The point of calling him that given this news is to aid in distancing Flynn from Trump's administration - as the link above is saying the WH is trying to do. 
>not even AmericanThen why do you care?
The patriot act? Who started that? A Republican. 
Yes, Bush started the shit on the fourth amendment and Obama expanded upon it. 
It means you're being hypocritical as fuck.
You do understand that taking joy in other's misery doesn't make you enlightened and edgy, it makes you a cunt, don't you?
get your own website then... Don't cry when an American website dominated by American users promotes American interests. 
We can make it into copypasta.We have the technology. 
a) I'm not republican. b) we were talking about Obama. c) I never said I liked Bush
You can use this sitehttps://www.battleforthenet.comor this onehttps://www.savetheinternet.comto learn about what the battle for net neutrality is about and how you can help by calling your local representatives or putting up a banner to spread the word if you have a site etc. For those inside the United States:You can text "RESIST" to 50409 to talk to a bot that will send a fax to represenatives with what you tell it to. Its best to write something you've  come up with yourself as it shows more commitment to the cause but if you can't, this is a common copy and paste letter I've seen on Reddit that you can use: " Net Neutrality is the cornerstone of innovation, free speech and democracy on the Internet.Control over the Internet should remain in the hands of the people who use it every day. The ability to share information without impediment is critical to the progression of technology, science, small business, and culture. Please stand with the public by protecting Net Neutrality once and for all. "For those of you outside the United States who want to help prevent this from happening here and potentially being adopted by other countries in the future:you can use this sitehttps://www.savetheinternet.comto sign a petition and help. If you don't know what to say, you can use the quoted section above. If you want to help more, you can spread these links to educate people about what net neutrality is and what they  can do to help save  it. Any and all help will make our chances of saving net neutrality higher and thank you in advance for helping!
She should be the DNC chair. She did more than anyone has even promised to do regarding turnout. Imo we need that if we wanna expand.
Make her DNC Chair!Let her take it national for a while. And after that? Global!
I bought her books today.  We have a lot of work to do, and tbh, I don't know how.  Hopefully they will have some information I can use.I am in a pretty blue state, so maybe not all of it will apply but worth a read/listen.  [https://www.audible.com/author/Stacey-Abrams](https://www.audible.com/author/Stacey-Abrams/B07DDD51GX)I might look around for a book club.
She's a real badass. I can't imagine the time and patience it took to get 800,000 voters registered. This was a herculean effort, a tidal wave. Bravo!
THANK YOU STACEY AND JIM CLYBURN
I'm not American and don't know much but  can someone please explain for me
#I absolutely love this pic of her so had to share with yall
She's a hero who literally helped save our democracy. <3 her so much
My goodness can we??? How can we go about making her DNC chair?
I appreciate your spirit, but I think the US has a lot of work to do on ourselves before we have any business telling other people what to do.There is still a lot of work to do.
She ran for governor of GA, and narrowly lost. She spent the last few years leading voter registration drives in GA that led to about 800,000 new voters for this election. Enough to tip the scales for Biden in GA. (We hope.)
Just gave $25 to each of them, good looking out!
They'll basically appoint whoever the President-elect recommends. The upside: She would have a national platform to advance voter registration and direct action to build the party.The downside: She'd have to hand off Fair Fight just as they're making progress in Georgia and the South. If she moves up to Washington, the group may wither without her energy. The DNC would have to promise very clearly to keep resources flowing to Georgia and NC, to keep it all going.
Yeah, that last part was a joke, though.
When she inevitably does run I will be very tempted to quit my job and go work for her.
DNC is gonna have to throw massive money & support to GA for runoffs. Its gonna be a huge battle, r/Conservative thinks because Trump will be gone,  Dem voters won't turn out. Time to prove them wrong.
Do you think she would abandon Georgia? It's where she's from. Even if her attention is national, I find it highly unlikely she would just forget about the problems in Georgia.
OK.But you understand why I can't tell anymore.
Additionally, the person Stacey Abrams lost to also happened to be the person in charge of counting the votes, and that election was fraught with suspicious activity from him. So you can imagine how upset and demoralized that *could* make someone like her, but instead she picked herself up and worked her ass off to continue making Georgia blue in 2020.
She only lost because the corrupt GA Secretary of State (who manages state elections) at the time was also running for Governor and threw out 800k registrations of Democratic voters.
She deserves a shot at running (or being VP at the very least), literally if we win Georgia it's because of her and if she was DNC Chair I have no doubt we'd expand and be competitive in a lot more places. That's what we've needed since 2016
She wouldn't be abandoning Georgia. She'd be expanding her hard work and success to a national platform. It's clear she wants a bigger role in the party, and this may be it. She may refuse the offer, but they should at least make the offer and let her decide.If not her, then who should it be? Maybe one of the Castro brothers, or a purple state Democrat who narrowly lost a race but still has asses to kick and lessons to share? I like Jaime Harrison. He ran for DNC Chair once before, and he clearly knows how to raise money and compete in non-blue states.
Republicans think that this election is riddled with suspicious activities. She legitimately lost her election. Trump will legitimately lose this election.
There was also a lot of sketchiness with the voting system 2016.  A server was wiped clean right before investigating.[https://apnews.com/article/39dad9d39a7533efe06e0774615a6d05](https://apnews.com/article/39dad9d39a7533efe06e0774615a6d05)
I honestly just had to think for a second who the DNC chair was and then realized I don't know what Tom Perez has done or where he has been for the last year at least.
https://apnews.com/article/877ee1015f1c43f1965f63538b035d3fLittle more watchful eye this time. New voting system with paper backups used for the first time doesn't hurt either.
I feel like Im being punked by these headlines
More "My abortion is OK, but yours is a sin" from the GOP. Fuck that stupid noise. These people need to go.
Why does no one ever take that logic to its conclusion?If God forgave you, and God is all forgiving, then what the fuck does it matter if it's legal since God will forgive anyone?
It's always convenient when god is cool with all the horrible shit you've pulled because you asked and he said so. Somehow.
Ah religion, the shield of the wicked. 
As long as you're with jesus you don't need any morality!^^^^/s
Meanwhile, Al Franken has resigned over allegations.
Anti abortion dude comes up with multiple reasons where excuse for abortion is okay... Fuckin religious people...Edit: At no point did I say all religious people. This is a behavior that's nearly exclusive to the religious community. Change the behavior not the critics. 
If the right didn't have hypocrisy, they really wouldn't have anything at all.
Can't wait for baby boomers to die off and stop electing pieces of poo
This sounds like something an edgy political drama should think up
This is my congressman. He's constantly brown-nosing Trump on his Facebook page. He sold out to the ISPs for only $3,000. I try to have discussions with him in his comment sections, but, as I'm not a Trump supporter, I am ignored. He is so fucking petty that he went far enough to "like" every comment in the thread that wasn't mine.I'm not looking for your approval, Scott. I'm looking for a response.
Tennessee 2018 Election [Primary Election Registration Deadline](https://ovr.govote.tn.gov/Registration/#BM): July 3, 2018 [Primary Election](http://web.go-vote-tn.elections.tn.gov/): August 2, 2018 [General Election Registration Deadline](https://ovr.govote.tn.gov/Registration/#BM): October 9, 2018 [General Election](http://web.go-vote-tn.elections.tn.gov/): November 6, 2018 
Damn, now I need to make a throwaway to post this on T_D
Rules don't apply when you are rich. 
"If my own imaginary friend has forgiven me, why can't everyone else!" 
Before the circlejerk gets fully off, can we get this is a more legit source?
Fucking republicans and their "God" bullshit gets on my every last nerve.
From the article, it sounds like he's a born-again Christian maybe? Twenty years ago when all this happened he was pro-choice. I'm not judging him by his past or even the fact that now he has changed his view. However, if he is telling other people not to do it and using his position in Congress to outlaw it, that's the real issue. Theses type of religious people irritate me. You're not perfect and never will be. It's hypocritical to go around preaching to others how they should live their life and trying to push your new values on them.
Obviously he's only against abortion to gain votes. I assume that's the case for most of GOP. AKA welcome to the two-party system.
Please don't misunderstand, *he paid the fine* so it's okay now. Everybody knows that every life has a price and he paid it so the repeated baby murder is totes OK. /s
Hold on, let me check....God says while He forgives the congressman for this and another thing, and is indeed all forgiving, He cannot in anyway forgive welfare queens or the like.  
His baby Jesus die for his sin.
I'm fairly certain the only true religious people are hermits or whirling dervishes. The rest of religion is an excuse to participate in the community; Lord over people; or what you said. 
There exactly is the problem. These people think that once they are "saved" they can do whatever they like without repercussions.
Yeah, but it was really important that he set an example.
Does this guy's wrongdoing invalidate Franken's? How are these two events connected?
["The only moral abortion is my abortion."](https://www.theatlantic.com/daily-dish/archive/2007/05/-the-only-moral-abortion-is-my-abortion/228662/) -- GOP/right wing
"I'm strongly pro life until I have a personal reason not to be."
Every generation has their fair share of shitheads.
Ughhh respect your elders please we actually owe our entire life to them according to my mom
They'll just say hes smart and libs are btfo because they actually practice what they preach, like suckers. 
This is old news. Guy has been reelected 3 times since these revelations came to light.
They're not victims, and WaPo and the other news sites aren't picking this up to make them look bad.It's because if it's true the congressman is a huge fucking hypocrite, and journalists need confirmation of their stories.
I'll be that bald soon :( I think I'm nice. & I wouldn't do what this jamoke did lol
Yeah how about we not judge people on their appearances but rather the content of their character? 
Cool. Where is she an elected official, Cringy TDer?
When did you first realize you hate women?
Nope.  Making laws so other people can't commit a "sin" that the lawmaker himself enjoys is pretty exclusively a Republican phenomenon.
I'm almost motivated to run for 4th district.Veteran, firearm enthusiast, bisexual, ex-drug addict, Bernie-crat might have a chance. lolEdit to save others from commenting:I'm still active duty lower enlisted, early 30s, this is just a pipe dream of mine. Running this year is out of question. Thanks for your vote of confidence hahaha
Dismissals of policy like this are fine, but we must be wary of blanket dismissals of people as a whole. Every single person has legitimate grievances whether they're on the right or left of the political spectrum, so we should fight them on policy issues, NOT on tribalism.
Plus, it was the women that he slept with that had the abortions, not him. They are the ones sinning, not him
It's clearly stated in the bible that gods forgiveness ends at the poverty line
I think republicans only focus on the first part. 
>I desire to go to Hell and not to Heaven. In the former I shall enjoy the company of popes, kings and princes, while in the latter are only beggars, monks and apostles.  -Machiavelli
you've met a lot of decent, good religious people in your lifetime - you just don't realize it because they're the ones who aren't lecturing you about their religion. 
Or, you know, just regular people who beleif in a higher power governing their lifes and influencing them to be better people. But im sure theyre all pedophiles
My SO was strictly pro-life... until he accidentally got me pregnant. I have a feeling this is very, very common.
The people our age aren't actually *into* pieces of poo, they just understand rolling around in shit is the easiest way to rack up those "librul tears." People invested in the "Meme wars" don't actually have a political position on anything, they just think it's fun to troll on the internet.
But don't dare blame the fact we can't afford houses, college, or living off 1 income on them. That's our fault somehow.
Fucking do it. If there's not a Democrat lined up to run yet, get in contact. Brand New Congress is a new pac for running first time Bernie-populist candidates in districts that are usually unchallenged, you can join them. 
Maybe don't show your hand from the jump
> ex-drug addictnobody likes a quitter, you'd never get elected.
I believe pro-gun Democrats are the way to go.
It's not supposed to. You're supposed to accept and know that you are a sinner and not perfect. You're not to judge others since you're perfect. You're supposed to follow the teachings of Jesus and witness to others. Though the witnessing part isn't really necessary unless you're going somewhere people don't know about Jesus. 
And now hell has all the awesome musicians and actors
Reductio ad absurdum at its Finest; that's not what I said. I said truly religious people are a rare commodity because true devotion to the main stay religions doesn't look like range rovers pulling up to a megachurch. And most religious people are in it for the social good--or worse things. You felt attacked because I didn't praise the Joel Olsteen crowd for their piety and devotion? Put your $10 in the basket and you'll win the argument by bribing the Great Judge. 
Isn't their whole religion predicated on the belief that their faith is more valued than their actions? What they do doesn't matter because Jesus died for their sins, and as long as they have faith in their saviour they'll be forgiven.
The fuckin dems evidently. God we're stupid as a party..Holding onto that moral high ground while the GOP has their way with and ransacks the entire nation. 
How did he "fight tooth and nail"? All I heard was "I did these things and we should have an investigation".
no he didn't, he admitted wrongdoing each time something came up
In my book, that's a good reason to not be a Republican. In some places, being a full blown racist will help get you elected. I wouldn't support a full blown racist just because it might be the winning strategy.
Your *current* so? I hope that's the only red flag you've ever gotten with him, cause that's a biggie.
Craig T. Nelson is against welfare because when he had to go on food stamps, no one was there to help _him._ He had to do it all by himself.
Haha that's a really good way to put it. They roll around in shit just to get a negative reaction out of us.
I work 3 jobs, about 60 hours a week and i must be just lazy. My mom just doesnt understand the little general store she worked 20 hours a week at and could afford a house and to raise kids isnt highering at $40 an hour right now.
Just say "It's cool, guys, god forgives me!"
Remember we justice democrats wantOur FIVE EASY RIGHTS1)Medicare for all2)Free State College3)Limits on the Military Industrial Complex4)Money out of Politics5)A Living Wage / Jobs program
Most Democrats are pro-gun. Anything short of a raving gun fanatic will be labeled as being anti-gun, though. 
True but these fine republicans keep electing filth so I'm not sure how innocent they are 
> And I honestly don't see poor people as my equalswtf?
You can also be a really great person in life and a Christian/Hindu/Muslim/etc. That was his point.
He should have totally played the "God has forgiven me" card just to throw the Republicans into a cognitive dissonance-induced rage.
It's like, running into some asshole raping some poor woman as you walk home.And rather than intervene on her behalf, you say to yourself, "No, no, I cannot hurt another person, even to stop them from hurting someone else"So busy being up your own ass morally that you can't help the reality on the ground.
New account, -50 karma. Totally posting in good faith.
How so? I never heard about anything I'd consider perverted. Did I miss something?
Your username is literally sounds out to "just in her anus". Maybe don't be so quick to throw shade about someone being a pervert. 
You all can't even state your opinions without making fake accounts?
Yeah, I hate the narrative that the Republican's morally bankrupt campaigning is so successful the Dems need to follow suit. They got Trump elected!
If you look at her last post about him, you'll see there are many other red flags. He's an utter piece of shit, and if she hasn't figured it out yet, I can only hope she will eventually.
They would eat shit if a "librul" had to smell their breath.
Ya know what your problem is? You need better bootstraps. All you youngins traded em in for student loan debt & fancy phones. 
The Christian "it's just a prank bro" 
Actual Christianity: Jesus was born into the lowest possible circumstances, lived in poverty, devoted his time and resources to helping the poor, associated with prostitutes, despised wealth and the wealthy, said rich people won't get into Heaven, despised idolatry, expelled merchants and money-changers from places of worship, was wrongfully sentenced to execution.American Christianity: Literally the exact opposite of that.
When I was a kid my dad, this conservative narcissist -- would fly our family around the world for 'cultured travel'. Then he'd stroke his inflated ego to convince himself he wasn't average by passing  homeless people on random foreign streets & yelling 'You want a tip, get a job!'.Edit- He also considered becoming a priest before going into economics. 
Every canonized saint is a hermit or a crusader. Saints are the hero's of true belief. Having a psalms tattoo and feeding your girlfriend plan b is not religious. Giving up your possessions to help feed the poor is what fear/love of God looks like. 
You think churches tell their people that they can still go to hell after being saved? Fuck that, You gotta sell them on absolution as long as they come back and put 19.99 into the collection plate. 
yah he proposed the investigation on himself. you are just out of the loop.GOP are twats and crooks.
His accuser even accepted his apology. http://people.com/politics/leeann-tweeden-doesnt-want-al-franken-to-step-down/Most people probably done something bad in their life but decent people admits it, the rest are unpatriotic Trump supporting trash Republicans.
I think it'd be easier to name the ones that are genuinely anti-gun like Bill Maher. Most others are pro gun but believe in some sort of gun control. Same as Republicans but everyone draws the line at a different point. 
You forgot jesus was anti-weapons too. 
I don't do any of that either and I still don't feel above poor people. YOU just feel superior to poor people stop with the mental gymnastics. 
How is that your idea of treating people like equals?  Treating people like equals doesn't mean doing everything in your power to better the position in life of everyone that isn't doing as well as you.  It means not interacting with them as if they were lesser people.  It means not talking down to them or assuming the worst about who they are and what they're capable of because of their current situation.  
What does that have to do with seeing them as equals?
no, because i can't afford to do that...i give a couple bucks when i have it in my wallet, because that's what's feasible for me. i had to make a deal with myself that i wouldn't feel guilty about not giving money, and when i'm in a financial position to help others i can make up for it then. it's not because i see myself as being better than anyone, expect possibly you.
As someone who goes to church (I'm assuming you don't), I hear all the time from pastors via podcasts and sermons talking about the difference between faith and works and what makes you saved vs what makes you a hypocrite.It's quite common. Don't let the headlines skew your mentality of the majority. Headlines wouldn't be headlines if they didn't include something abnormal and out of the ordinary.
I said one of the reasons people take up a religious flag is the community/social aspect. I.e., blood drives, see your coworkers and chat. Religion is about the love and fear of God. Church and religion are different things. 
So then most Republicans aren't pro-gun and it should be a non-issue. Then you can use other issues to make up your mind at the ballot box. 
North Carolina 2018 Election [Primary Voter Registration Deadline](https://www.ncsbe.gov/Voters/Registering-to-Vote): April 13, 2018 [Primary Election](https://www.ncsbe.gov/Voting-Options): May 8, 2018 [General Election](https://www.ncsbe.gov/Voting-Options): November 6, 2018 
If there is a draft and you get five deferments and all five people who took your place died, why the fuck would anybody want to be there. Like take a step back and wonder why anybody should, or would want to get out of that. 
That's not how the draft works.He received draft deferments. One was for bone spurs and the other four were education-related.If you were in college and had satisfactory grades, you would get deferred.The bone spur issue didn't make him ineligible indefinitely, just for the time being while he had bone spurs.So I'm not quite sure how he "dodged a draft" when doing so would result in jail time.
Did all 5 of them die?
Is there a reason for the number five specifically?
No way he can walk that far wearing his ~~high heels~~ elevator shoes.  Getting taller every year is only a new pair of lifts away.  And a golf cart, or Hoveround.  Gotta have that if you need to take a long walk with ~~the adults~~ world leaders.
He won't do that because it's actually reasonable
It's honestly a reasonable guess because at this point he actually equates himself with America, and anyone who attacks him attacks America. 
Arlington isn't just people who died in action. Veterans who lived through the combat but have since passed are still buried there.
Well he claimed he would run into a school shooting and face the gunfire. So, he literally claimed to be willing to face death for his countrymen, which is what everyone who got shipped over there ended up doing.It was a stupid war we never should have wasted a single soul on, but he claims to be an uber brave patriot. You don't get to have both, that is the issue.
Exactly, spend less on the military and more on social programs.
Because Trump had five deferments (four while in college, one for his "bone spurs").
But the soldiers who went there weren't and should still be honored. We should vilify the politicians who sent them.
Because that is just the phony story. He wants it about him. He uses the military as props. 
Because it's expensive and people in the military generally hate parading. If you want to honour the military, give better benefits to vets.  
Besides the crazy cost (That could be better spent actually helping vets), the fact that the Pentagon doesn't want to do it, the optics of the parade looking eerily similar to the types of military shows of strength that dictators use to stroke their own ego, the logistical nightmare of moving that much equipment and manpower just to show off, or the uncertain way this will be perceived on the world diplomatic stage given the hyperbolic rhetoric and out right threats of war our current commander in chief has been expressing over the last year? I don't know... maybe it will rain on the parade day and everyone's shoes will get soggy?
How is this an attack from the right??
First 4, got to college. Bone spurs, pay a doctor a ton of money to claim you have a medical disability
His supporters, who rabidly hated Obama, sure do, without ever seeing the issue there.It is in fact patriotic to, at times, disagree with your president. I'm pretty sure Teddy Roosevelt said that in much finer words.
I'm no fan of trump but the term "draft dodging" refers to fleeing the country and/or authorities to avoid the draft, and it's different from a deferment. 
Look up the actual definition.A draft dodger is someone who illegally dodges the draft.
Maybe he had bone spurs on his right side, so you attack his weak side. 
Okay, then no vehicles. Just vets. Past and present. 
We should all be that guy because facts, information, and research is the most important part of our platform. We shouldn't be the sensationalist party. 
Which is also incorrect.Bill joined ROTC which allowed him to not come up in the draft selection lottery.
And because they did something wrong it's okay for us to do something wrong? I absolutely hate the "when they go low, we go high" shit, but I hate the "when they make shit up, we make shit up too" garbage even more. 
Go on.I'd love some examples.
All while giving favors to news companies that give him favoravle coverage. 
Not only does Jeff Bezos own the Washington Post, he is the richest man in the world. Trump is jealous and is out to bring Bezos down. The lunatic in chief should not be allowed to manipulate the stock market via Twitter or any other way.Trump's a loser and will never be anywhere near Bezos' status. 
Trump is about as unAmerican as Putin (or Erdogan or Duterte or Kim Jong Il or...)
In the past, Amazon admitted to not paying taxes because it was "overly burdensome".  Not because they didn't owe it, but because it would have been an administrative nightmare for them.  
Yeah...I don't know if I would call Jeff Bezos a "private business" owner.Amazon frequently abuses workers rights and is seeming doing everything they can to take tax dollars out of local municipalities.As far as I'm concerned they are both ultra wealthy sociopaths.
This is stupid. Basically every news source reports negatively about him and pets 'unflattering' stuff. Trump isn't going after every single news source.Also in Russia and turkey you get thrown in jail for that kind of thing. There's a huge difference.
This is extremely dangerous to our democracy
Bernie Sanders is also going after Amazon. Stop babbling on and actually do some research. Unless Bernie Sanders isn't one of your precious Democrat friends.
Dont let your hatred for trump blind you to the fact that there is something inherently wrong with Amazon and the Washington Post being owned by the same person.Edit: anus prepared for the downvotes 
This....seems like a pretty blatant reframing of the issue? Trump never mentioned the Washington post when saying that Amazon was a problem, did he? Liberals have been hating Amazon for a long time for dodging taxes, horrifying working conditions, and crushing small businesses. I've literally seen leftist memes calling for Bezos to be guillotined. 
Can somebody enlighten me as to why trump can't be impeached if they're not as happy with him as it seems? Happened with Nixon. Why not trump?
His end target is the USPS. Piss Amazon off enough that they drop the USPS entirely, and it opens the field for Trump to say funding the USPS is a waste of money. 
He is a vindictive and petty guy.... this is known.
Trump is an absolute moron.  he's picking a fight with about as powerful an enemy as one can make.  hell if americans, even the morons who support Trump, are going to be willing to give up Amazon for any political figure.  
He isn't the richest man in the world, he is the richest man on a list of people whose fortunes are known
No, Trump is very embodiment of much of what it means to be an American. It's just that "American" isn't synonymous with "good". 
There's no way in hell he's as intelligent as my 2yo.
Which is why they invest all of their profits back into their own business, which is not taxable. Which is a tax system the Congress has put into place. 
My understanding is that Amazon doesn't own TWP. Bezos owns them and they as companies have completely separate structures not tied to one another except by the owner.I do think Amazon buying B&M is a huge issue.
Yes, we're just also against a president taking targeted legislative action because a newspaper pointed out how big of a shitbag he is. I don't understand why this is confusing to conservatives. See, just because someone is legislating something you ostensibly agree with....well, if it comes with a ton of baggage, you probably don't want it.
Why? Warren Buffett owns multiple media companies and multiple retail businesss. Is that any different?
We're in a race to the bottom as a country. The right is winning in this regard, but as far as I can tell, we're all too eager to chase right after them. All these folks defending a guy that is holding major cities hostage for his new corporate HQ because they agree with his form of propaganda. I see more and more on the left selling their souls without even realizing it. 
He mentions them together all the time, and even conflates them.  It would have take you about 15 seconds to Google "Trump Twitter Washington Post Amazon.". http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/381089-trump-claims-washington-post-is-lobbyist-for-amazon
He means the WaPo, not Amazon.
But we must protect the corporations!  Wait..what?
So your defense of Trump is that he's a cyber-bully as well as an autocrat? Maybe you just need to stop playing a losing hand and come to the realization that Trump is a terrible person, a failure as a President and a threat to our country.
It is not legal for someone to knowingly give false information about a company in order to drive down its stock price. https://www.law360.com/articles/752448/merrill-pays-20m-to-settle-overstock-s-short-selling-suit
They aren't saying he should be legally disallowed from speaking. They are saying he shouldn't say it because of ethical reasons.
No, Trump making statements from his office of the presidency is not a free speech issue. 
So Mueller to right? He's a registered Republican. Maybe learn to quit making enemies out of everyone before you sound like a manchild. 
Impeachment isn't about being unhappy with the fool. Impeachment proceedings can only be started if he has committed a crime.> Impeachment does not necessarily mean removal from office; it is only a formal statement of charges, akin to an indictment in criminal law, and is thus only the first step towards removal. Once an individual is impeached, he or she must then face the possibility of conviction via legislative vote, which then entails the removal of the individual from office.[Impeachment on Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Impeachment)
The republican base needs to turn on him first, and that won't happen. I forget who said this but I heard someone say that if Fox News existed as it does now during Nixon's controversy he never would have resigned
Trump is republican. Congress is republican. Republicans are not going to impeach their own. Also it takes 2/3rds Senate vote to remove a president. 
[If Trump runs against Amazon, he will lose.](https://www.reddit.com/r/Impeach_Trump/comments/89fho9/if_trump_runs_against_amazon_he_will_lose/)
Bezos already hates Trump.  What are you talking about?
Also, it might be more relevant to count richest *families* or *organizations*, instead of richest *individuals*.There are several families where the "heads of the family" act together, and collectively control more than Jeff Bezos. And then international things that make it ambiguous, such as Saudi Arabia's sovereign wealth fund or Thailand's national holdings.
Funny you would bring up morality while simultaneous calling a bunch of people worthless pieces of shit
They don't pay any taxes?That makes them smart.
Amazon paid $957 million in income taxes in 2017. http://services.corporate-ir.net/SEC.Enhanced/SecCapsule.aspx?c=97664&fid=15414896
Let me rephrase this.  They didn't collect State Sales Tax, nor pay it out, because it was overly burdensome.  This is illegal, not a loophole.
And Trump's tax plan doesn't stop the method they use to avoid taxes. It in fact increases the amount that such businesses can deduct.Doesn't that make them smart people? Or does that only apply to Trump?
Like omg, Trump is doing it so it must be bad...geez.  Bernie against Amazon for purely selfless reasons.  He has a kind soul.Trump against Amazon because he is spiteful devil.  Literally Hitler
Major conflict of interest. Amazon has been highly criticized by the media for its controversial business practices and terrible working conditions.
"....owner of a private business because that person also owns a newspaper..."That sure doesn't read like the Washington Post is the private business in question. 
This sub, and Reddit, are filled with people painting in broad black and white strokes that make them all sound like manchildren. 
> if he has committed a crime."High crimes *or misdemeanors*".In the context of the times, "misdemeanor" was a pretty broad term, up to and including just being awful at your job. Anyhow, the actual answer is that the Republicans in Congress who would have to do the actual impeachment prefer to keep him in office rather than remove the leader of their own party in what would surely be a messy, messy affair. 
> Impeachment proceedings can only be started if he has committed a crime.Flat out wrong. And there's no such thing as "impeachment proceedings." Impeachment is akin to an indictment. Indictments don't have proceedings.More to point, Trump can be impeached for *any reason* -- for something illegal *and* for something legal, too.That's because impeachment is a political process, not a criminal process. That's why there are no criminal punishments if the impeachment is successful; it's simply about removing the official from office. That's why an impeachment cannot be stopped by a court or appealed. It is an "extra-legal" process, a lawyerly way to say it's a process outside the judicial system."But what about the high crimes and misdemeanors language in the Constitution?" you may be asking.That is an archaic phrase from common law and does not literally mean an official must commit a crime or misdemeanor. An earlier constitutional draft included the phrase "maladministration" but the more commonly understood (at the time) phrase of crimes and misdemeanors was a late substitution.As the Constitutional Rights Foundation says, ["on first hearing this phrase, many people probably think that it is just an 18th century way of saying 'felonies and misdemeanors.' Felonies are major crimes and misdemeanors are lesser crimes. If this interpretation were correct, 'high crimes and misdemeanors' would simply mean any crime. But this interpretation is mistaken."](http://www.crf-usa.org/impeachment/high-crimes-and-misdemeanors.html)The phrase dates from the fourteenth century and, as the linked page explains, was used for actions that were both illegal and legal. In the United States, Congress has impeached and removed officials from office for "being habitually drunk," even though that is not a crime.Hence, the House of Representatives could impeach Trump for any reason they want, even if some or all of those reasons don't involve violations of the law. They could impeach him because he demeans the presidency, he demeans the country, he divides the populace, his behavior is intemperate, and/or his conduct is unbecoming of a President -- whatever the reason -- they have every right to impeach him for that and more.Thus, they could impeach Trump for his pardon of Joe Arpaio, even if that is a legal act. They could impeach him for trying to stop Robert Mueller's investigations into his campaign, the Russian scandal, and more, even if such actions would not be considered sufficient enough to be criminal obstruction of justice.
Uhg... He was impeachable under the Emoulments clause the day he entered office. Congress has to actually want to impeach.
Pretty sure that was Ailes (maybe Stone), he created the Fox machine for that purpose to cover the failings of "Conservatives" and sway public opinion.
"There is nothing which I dread so much as a division of the republic into two great parties, each arranged under its leader, and concerting measures in opposition to each other. This, in my humble apprehension, is to be dreaded as the greatest political evil under our Constitution." - Jon Adams
Oh god. Is a journalistic orgasm a thing? I think I've just had one.
Putin's actual net worth involves a lot of shell companies and the mafia. Some estimates put him north of $200 billion.
Well, again, it's not the suggestion of taxing Amazon that's eliciting the comparison.It's the fact that he is transparently and obviously taking this stand because of the way he's been "treated" by the Washington Post.You'd have to be either completely clueless or willfully stupid to pretend this is driven by anything other than him being mad at WaPo. Trump's entire political career is made up of him crowing on about deregulation and lowering taxes against big business. Outside of immigration, that's his entire goddamned platform.And here he is talking about regulating and taxing *one specific business.* And that business just happens to be owned by the same guy who owns the Post? Given the way Trump acts...given his history of wanton vindictiveness....given his complete inability to let criticism against him just stand unanswered...yeah, you'd have to be a complete idiot to believe this isn't a directed attack against a media outlet. The fact that it's working to some extent...that Amazon's stocks are taking a hit...that's precisely why he's keeping it up. I don't think for one second that Trump is going to push for any legislation or even any kind of action on this issue. He won't try to tax Amazon. He won't try to regulate them. He won't try to change their relationship with USPS. What he *will* do is continue to tweet about how super-totes-bad Amazon is, because again...it's getting him the results he wants. He's hurting Bezos in the pocketbook. I doubt WaPo is going to give a shit though. 
> Trump is doing it so it must be badNot Trump, *the president*. The president is held to certain responsibilities, one of which is not personally attacking other citizens.You claiming that it's "because trump" is entirely disingenuous, unless you don't understand the difference between a private citizen and the president of america.Can you understand how someone could be critical of the president, without caring who that president is?
No, the WaPo is not a subsidiary of Amazon a publicly traded company. It is owned directly by Bezos. The newspaper is currently owned by Nash Holdings LLC, a holding company created for the acquisition and controlled by Bezos. Don't want to sound like a know it all, but I have only been a WaPo customer/reader since we moved to DC area as a kid for 47 years now, so there isn't much I don't know about the paper.
That black and white world people have painted hurts us more than Trump ever could. When people fail to see the grey and the nuances, we fall for anything. 
Huh I thought Trump ended the DACA program. Oh well 
It highlights the hypocrisy of trump. If trump is smart to not pay taxes, by the same logic Bezos would be too. BUT its only burdening the tax payers when someone else does it.
> How does that help Americans fix the issue?Speaking anecdotally, a lot of my American friends absolutely *bristle* at any criticism or notion that America is less than perfect.So, of course, you're right that we can't tell people "they're terrible". But the first step, imo, would be for **far more** Americans to start actually analyzing and considering the problems with their democracy/system and how to actually solve it without devolving into paranoid delusions or knee-jerk jingoism.Edit: In fact, you almost did the exact thing that I described. It was said (my paraphrasing) "It's time Americans start to realize that "American" isn't synonymous with "good"."Your reaction was that "[we can't] convince people to vote Trump out by telling them they're terrible people" Ok.. but wait... *who said Americans are terrible people*? All that was said was the "American" isn't universally synonymous with "good".I have no doubt that your comment had great intentions, but it almost perfectly fell back into the knee-jerk defense that I see from Americans all the time.
The problem is that it was the blind jingoistic unfounded "America No 1" crap that got the US into this mess in the first place.Americans culturally are incapable of recognizing that their country isn't perfect in every way, and thus they are incapable of seeing and fixing their own problems. If Americans can't find a little humility, there can be no resolution.
The concern I have is the CIA embedding themselves in AWS with less resistance. They also have a history of media infiltration as well. I don't see why it's unreasonable to be worried about one man who exerts a ton of power over the internet and owns a newspaper cozying up to the CIA. Capitalism does nothing to safeguard against these concerns. 
If congressional Republicans thought that, they'd impeach him and enjoy the bounty of President Pence. So far, seems they don't. 
No problem. I remember as a kid during Watergate going to spend the summer at my grandparents in Tampa and hearing how the WaPo was communist going after Nixon and thinking, huh? The articles sure don't sound like something from the communist party.
Congressional republicans know if they speak out against Trump, they would lose this November to any Democrat (and/or get replaced by a trumpster voter). The cult is real. 
You one angry person. Chill. No one gives a shit about what you think. 
But in what world is it fair or not hypocritical for Trump to call out another company for doing what he proudly stated made him smart?
>against the super rich not paying taxesTrump just gave Bezos the biggest tax cut of his life. Stop trying to obfuscate the situation with your blatant shilling.
It is genuinely about self preservation. Impeachment has always carried the weight of an extreme sacrifice of political capital. Even if congress were justified in Trumps removal, they would certainly lose their seats. This thread in particular is calling for Trump to be ousted for being bad at his job. I dislike Trump, but the pandora's box that would open is immense. You now have precedent for removing a president for being unpopular. That is a disaster for everyone. Both sides would call for removal any time approval ratings dropped below 50%.
This. The problem isn't Trump, really, it's a systemic crisis. He would never have been elected if the American public wasn't so eternally fed up with the current system, they did a "yolo!" With their president. It is so bad, that with all the potential power the republican seem to have, they are barely able to keep their president. They keep him afloat. Edit: even if Trump isn't a russian sockpuppet, the american ship of state is as it is dead in the water.
You just take everything Trump says at face value, don't you? Would it surprise you to find out that the Post Office makes money through its relationship with Amazon despite what this morning's tweetstorm said? The whole point is to get Red Hats to think Amazon and WaPo are anti-American.
LOLhow is amazon taking advantage of usps? USPS makes a shit ton of money off of amazon What is bezos getting a pass on?? No one here is advocating tax evasion.YOU are creating conflict for the sake of conflict. You are literally a troll. Please remove yourself.
Way to not address what I said at all and come back with something complete false. Spoken like a true Trump supporter.
I know it feels different when you say it, because it feels like you have righteous anger on your side, but you are saying the same stupid divisive shit that you claim bothers you so much, just with some names and labels swapped.Be better. Stand for something, not just against others. How you voice opposition matters. What do you believe, why do you believe it is good, what do you want to do to enable that belief? If all you have to say is "those guys are wrong bad wrong people and they should go die" then you really don't have much to say at all.Yeah, it's harder. Yeah it's not super fair that emotional arguments are such potent, low hanging fruit. Still, there's enough hate out there already.You can do better than telling people you disagree with that they deserve to die and have no use living. That's just lazy, if nothing else.
>Fuck white trash america, they deserve to all die. they have no use in this country and they have no use living at all.Dude... No.
I get the sentiment, but remember that we're deliberately being led by outside forces to fight amongst ourselves. Civil war is a real possibility on the far horizon if we continue to let those feelings win out over reason. It wouldn't be our own civil war, but one started subversively by a foreign power with the intent to destabilize us. We can't let that happen. 
Yeah, fight hate with more hate that'll fix it!
It's OK to be registered in more than one state! You can only vote in one, obviously. Being registered in more than one state raises questions and issues but is not inherently wrong until more than 1 vote is cast. Still hate you Trump.
What's the problem with being registered in more than one state? If I moved  from GA to California and I register, and I vote once in cali. What's the problem anyway? 
Go look up voter fraud. MOST cases were traced back to politicians or big company.True story, not individual voters. The rest appear to be mistakes. We're talking voter fraud in the teens or hundreds... I wish people that really believed voter fraud was rampant or worth mentionong would look at some studies.
sigh* being registered in multiple states =/= voting multiple times aka actual fraud. 
I'm pretty excited about this investigation...I'm surprised they don't go through and clean the voter roles annually 
I think the reason this is being brought up is because Trump tweeted that he's going to look into voter fraud, including people who are registered to vote in more than one state. https://mobile.twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/824227824903090176
Yeah seriously I moved from one state to another and don't even know how to unregister in the first state
What kind of systems are in place to verify that multiple votes aren't cast? 
There isn't an issue.  The topic is just used as a boogie man to justify voter disenfranchisement efforts.
Studies only confirm regular facts though. Why would we read those?
That's correct, but wasn't it Trump himself who said something along those lines?
But with so many States having early voting, it's soooo easy to do.  Ask yourself honestly...would Republicans cheat to win?
As a rule, states have been hesitant to clean voter rolls for a few reasons.  Firstly, it has been used in the past as a tactic to disenfranchise 'undesired' voters by whomever was in power (pick a party).  You can put a process in place for getting back on the list of eligible voters, but draconian processes have been used in the past to dissuade people from going through the effort of getting back on.   Second. If you do clean up the voter rolls, the people in power, ie they that ordered the clean up, don't want to look responsible for keeping Grandma from voting when she is accidentally kicked off the list of eligible voters.  Looks bad, pisses people off.Third, it gets a lot of attention from outside groups and regulators, creating headaches for administrations people really would rather not go through for a limited return on effort, time, and keyly money.Lastly, organized voter fraud has not been a problem in the US for generations.  So all the headaches above are hard to justify to your constituents and eats up time when you could be working on a legislative agenda or the grind of running a state.**TL;DR**Cleaning voter rolls was used as a tactic in the past to disenfranchise the opposition.  As such, it draws a lot of scrutiny, is administratively hard to do, and the kinds of voter fraud it addresses hasn't been a serious issue that could threaten the integrity of an election.  Little return on your efforts and a drain on political capital.*EDIT: lots of spelling and grammar corrections from my 3am comment.  Sorry about all that.  Thanks to /u/jurph for adding clarification and the proper spelling of "rolls" vs "roles" as I had written.*
That's how I see it. Whether it's legal or not isn't the issue. Trump specifically called it out.
It's the 2000's. Facts are sooo last millennium. This shit about *feelings*.
But he has direct family who are registered in more than one state? I could be wrong but I mean...
Investigating people who are registered in more than one state != calling multiple-state registration illegal.
Well, three states isn't two states, this guy's fine. 
Oh yeah, I gotta remember to let the Board of Elections know when I die. 
Non-American here. My country (South Africa) requires ID before voting and only a state issued ID.  I get why you guys have a problem with that but is the best way for the Democrats maybe not to say "Hey Trump, lets have a national ID which everyone is required to get to vote or access services.  BUT it must be issued by the Federal Government - not the States - and anyone earning under XXX must get it free of charge, anyone earning over XXX but under YYY gets it at half price" etc?Whether the Democrats like it or not, there is a massive part of the country that simply voted Trump because of this issue so maybe own it, and try defuse the chaos and neuter him on this point?Hell, given how conspiracy minded many Trump voters are they may not get ID's anyway so you have less opposition.Would love to hear a Democrats response.  
> He never said that everyone registered in multiple states is committing voting fraud,Uhhh>**major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states**His *first* remark is multiple registrations after yelling VOTER FRAUD
I'm curious, how do you T_D guys find the energy needed for the mental acrobatics of your constant apologism? It seems exhausting.
Yes this is absolutely unacceptable. We need a revote.
there is zero evidence that fraud is going on, this is a pretext to strip people of their right to vote http://www.gregpalast.com/election-stolen-heres/
[Bannon was registered to vote in more than one state this past election.](http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/316120-bannon-registered-to-vote-in-two-states-report)
Trump has never worried about hypocrisy before... He very often contradicts himself and just rolls with it. That's why his followers love him so much. They see it as a "harmless little mistake," something everyone can do accidentally. "He's just like them!" When in reality, he just spouts bullshit, then the next time he needs to spout bullshit and it is in direct contradiction, he doesn't give a shit. It's the age old adage of if you make a mistake don't act like you've made a mistake and people are less likely to notice. Lucky for him and his supporters, the media lately has been complete pussies and haven't been calling him out as fervently and loudly as they should. Plus there's the issue that the media that is likely to call him out are already labeled as the "dirty, fake, liberal media." Trump isn't an idiot. He's playing the game beautifully for his own position. He's known that he would contradict himself and do shit people on the other side would hate. So he started attacking the media from the beginning, setting them up as his ultimate enemy that was out to get him. It's pure planned propaganda. His followers ate it up, now there is an ingrained hatred against the media. Until Trump does something that Republicans really dislike, and Fox News reports negatively about it, there won't be much change. Because anything the liberal media says is nothing but hogwash to his followers, and those are the people that need to be convinced. Everyone else already knows that Trump is full of shit.
>  and anyone earning under XXX must get it free of chargeI can already hear republicans scrambling to be the first to yell about welfare and abuse or shit like that. Republicans benefit massively from low voter turn out of poor people (specifically minorities) and voter suppression is a real thing.
In his ABC interview last week, he did not directly say that registering in 2 states = voter fraud, however, he has been *insisting* that there were *millions* of illegal votes. When pressed on the matter to provide proof of this and/or any evidence at all, his first response was to... deflect to the democrats of course, but his second response was to claim that there are people registered who are dead and people who are registered in multiple states. He also cited this clown, greg phillips, who claims that there is *conclusively* millions of instances voter fraud, but couldn't offer proof because he didn't understand the difference between a theory and a conclusion.So, technically, you are correct that Trump has never directly said that being registered in multiple states is voter fraud, however, he has clearly gone out of his way to make his followers think that this is somehow out of the ordinary or in support of what he's claiming, which is pretty fucking shitty.So the silliness of the article is the fact that people are registered in multiple states and that dead people are still registered is the *entirity* of evidence that these guys have been able to offer on what they claim to *definitely* be massive voter fraud. Since the guy himself is registered in 3 states, it just shows how badly Trump is talking out his ass on this one. I don't doubt he will come back with dubious and/or doctored data a month or 2 down the line to try and force some voter reform down our throats with an executive order as a thinly veiled effort to suppress the votes of poor people. That's not a fact though, that's just what I think his game is here.
I'm sure Phillips will be the first investigated. S/The point being that he implied being registered in multiple states leads to voter fraud. We know that it would be insane to think that voting twice would be worth it or make a difference, but it is trump bring these points to light so wtf else can we do than to mock it and throw it back into the faces of those that make the implications.
Did you read the full tweet and the next one? He never talked about checking to see if they actual did vote twice. Of course we could infer that, but the fact that these tweets are potentially misleading is an issue in it of itself. I will be asking for a major investigation into VOTER FRAUD, including those registered to vote in two states, those who are illegal and even, those registered to vote who are dead (and many for a long time). Depending on results, we will strengthen up voting procedures! 
It's just more evidence that Trump both doesn't really care about anything he pretends are actually issues, and that the issues he's pushing are fucking complete bullshit nonsense.It's propaganda. It fosters distrust and/or anger towards specific targets. It enables Trump to purse his actual, unsaid goals. And not coincidentally, it makes Trump feel like he's invincible.
1. Because it's a risk factor.2. Because I don't want to and I'm banned there. Sorry I'm not part of the same formula as your "people I disagree with" strawman.
Once something is less than a thousandth of a percentage, it's virtually none. There is more evidence of Russian interference in the election, considering intel agencies are citing it. It's a red herring argument. 
It is directly stated. Thats what "voter fraud including, those that voted in two states..." means. It is not a very complex sentence. 
For one, any "investigation" set up by the Trump administration will be a sham. Any results it'd report would be staggeringly partisan. And since voting laws are well established by law to be states rights issues, all Trump would do with it is use it as propaganda to say how terrible all those liberal states are.
What is the extreme stance taken by the left? Honestly asking here, I am open to the possibility that I am drifting out of touch. 
No, no, no. There is evidence of Russian interference and also possible collusion with the Trump campaign. More smoke there than any voter fraud. 
"The media has totally mistreated him, he is actually a good man. There was violence...on both sides." -TrumpUpdate: "I will also be nominating Mr. Laden to head Homeland Security" -Trump
Say what you will, that'd be a hell of an achievement. 
Once this post passes 400, two things will happen.- it gets brigaded by butthurt trumpies- the political humor sub copies and reposts it
No way, Trump supporters think Osama is Obama. 
Donald Trump~A legend in his own mind.
#PresidentMonster created a monster, he's multiplying! 
Ok. Trump supporter and I laughed heartily.
The twin towers killed those jihadists after all. 
Yeah, I hate Trump, but credit where credit's due, that'd be impressive as hell.
This needs to have WAY more upvotes
Damn, I did, too.  At least this one is funny.
Their reality changes according to their host. Like a dipshit inception. 
Based on his approval ratings, the ongoing FBI investigation, and the total lack of transparency from Donald Trump's White House I doubt he'll be in office in 3 years. Feasibly it could be a Pence achievement, that I could see.
Taking a joke a bit too serious
Think you're trolling yourself there friendo
He green lit the mission. The operators did the job.
Yes, because that's the most illogical aspect of this scenario... 
Liberals have plenty of funny memes.Just look for the trail of orange tears. 
Obama had ~~almost~~ nothing to do with the 2008 economic collapse, yet he gets all the criticism.  
Obama waa commander in chief. So yes it's his victory. 
That doesn't stop people from blaming Hillary for Benghazi now does it? And for what it's worth, she was actually in the situation room when he was "killed". 
Executive orders are legal. You might not have known that.
His order wasn't over turned. And wasn't brought to the SCOTUS. So we will never know.Don't spread horseshit. 
Obama got more done in his first two weeks than Urine Boy has done in 8 months. 
It was a tragedy, they were the last 19 of their best men. 
There was violence on many sides, many sides.
Yes, all Americans were for involvement in the Middle East, and we all were personally involved in invading it so that we can have enough oil for our hyper capitalist oil showers
Thanks! It's all in good fun!Well, not all in good fun. We do think he is a fascist fool destroying our country. But other than that. 
I like "Trumpie" way more than centipede, thanks for that.
I don't want to see Pence achieve anything. I'm actually more concerned about him taking over after Trump is removed from office, because he's an actual politician who knows how to get things done in government (and he's successfully done some pretty regressive things in Indiana).
Personally, I only have two reasons: 1) everything he says, and 2) everything he does. Call me crazy, but I think that should be enough. 
U couldn't even just take the compliment without spewing bullshit.
This is a quality shitpost. I love it.
Ah if only it was bullshit. I wish it was all a big joke.
Why? Can't think of any good reason to put in the effort explaining to a Trump supporter if they haven't noticed anything wrong so far.
He's a lying, hypocritical asshole who has no idea how to run a business, no idea how to run a government, and his only "deal making" skills are "I have more money than you and will bully you into submission" which doesn't work with governments.  He's cancelling DACA, which does nothing but waste money and send incredibly talented people to other countries.  He appointed Betty DeVos to the Department of Education.    He continues to support Jeff Sessions.  He fired Comey for investigating him.  He lies, constantly and pathologically.   Among other reasons.
Trump appointed a climate change denier to be in charge of the EPA. And if you don't believe in global warming, then fuck you, [you're braindead](https://climate.nasa.gov/evidence/).He appointed Betsy Devos who has no education experience to be the secretary of education.He is on pace to spend more of your tax dollars on vacations within the first year than Obama spent in his two terms [combined](https://www.romper.com/p/how-much-will-trumps-vacation-cost-taxpayers-it-wont-be-cheap-74610).He is a pathological [liar](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/06/23/opinion/trumps-lies.html).     
Google it? ... You think I need to Google my criticisms of Trump?!
These are pretty good reasons.I would also add that he's a narcissistic, self-centered, sexist, racist, bigoted asshole on a lifelong powertrip and he's clueless on international relations. He's unfit to be in politics and an embarrassment to the entire human population that may have once looked upon the USA in admiration of its progressive culture and democracy. The USA is a worldwide joke now.
Not to mention those tax dollars are going right into his pocket.He is essentially stealing from Peter and Paul to pay himself.
I'm not going to bother typing out a long post on my phone just so you can continue to block your ears.
If you can't understand why someone wouldn't just adore Trump, maybe you are in an information bubble?
This is a fun game of spot the secret service. 
Context of the photo for the curious; [source](https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2015/03/08/president-obama-marks-50th-anniversary-marches-selma-montgomery):>Yesterday, President Obama and the First Family joined thousands of Americans at the foot of the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma, Alabama, to honor the sacrifice and bravery of the men and women who bled there, on that very pavement exactly 50 years ago. Many of those original "foot soldiers" joined him yesterday, including **Congressman John Lewis**, who helped to organize the first march over this bridge in 1965, who endured a tragic beating on that "Bloody Sunday," and who yesterday strode arm in arm with the President of the United States.John Lewis is between President Obama and the First Lady.
More like: what a real president acts like.
Yeah, we need Trump to host a whites only parade to show what a real president he is
What a guy. I really admire him. Still holds the high score for drone kills. 
 All of the presidents are REAL presidents. 
As much as I hate Trump, he is still a real president and no amount of pointless comparisons to Obama is going to change that
Remember when he sent money to a country that sponsors terrorism?
TIL Trump is a "fake" president.Seemed pretty real to me
There were some things he did that I didn't like but overall I think he is one of the greatest Presidents we've had. Very well spoken, articulate, intelligent, witty, charming, had good relations with other countries, calm headed, caring. I miss him and I really hope we get another one like him. 
Wow what a stand up guy, record middle east bombing what a thing to brag about!
Not a single ginger in the crowd.  Racist 
Why does this photo keep showing up and always crops GW Bush 
A real President also looks like Trump and all the other US Presidents. 
Not pictured: Drone strike civilian casualties in the middle east.
I see alot of thanx obamas here. Thanks for what? The high tuition rates? The unregulated big pharma? The increased number of americans that are homeless. The increasing number of american children that live in hotels. Or was it the overprotection of the upper class while forcing the middle class to subsidize everything for everyone else? Oh and lets not forget the debt good ole Obama left us. All while Obama was on watch. Hey trumps no prize but lets not inflate the tires of a man who had no backbone and loved to spend money in all the wrong places while americans suffered. 
Any of you guys feel richer after Obama was in office? Anyone? No?Aren't you folks the same ones that gripe about the increasing wealth gap? Anyone getting more in their paycheck now? I know I am. 
What a real bullshitter looks like more like, if you think Obama was a man of the people then you are gullible in the extreme. 
Donald Trump is a real president. He's just not a real good president. Or good. Or decent. Or competent. Or qualified. Or ethical. 
I'm more liberal than conservative and a vet on top of that. Obama's charismatic and that's about it. He only supported gay rights when it would get him votes on his first election. This guy said he'd get us out of the Middle East as soon as he took office, yet he waited until he was up for re-election before pulling out. He literally got people killed to get him votes for his second term. He is not a "real" president. He's a pile of shit, albeit not as bad as Trump.
Yeah a real president who killed thousands...
They look like Agents from The Matrix
Hah! I thought that was just me. I started looking for all the dudes in grey/black suits and sunglasses.
Why is it that the secret service make themselves so easy to spot? Doesn't that in a way defeat their purpose? 
> Congressman John LewisThe same John Lewis that was criticized by the Trump administration for not honoring civil rights leaders... i.e. himself.http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/363843-white-house-strikes-back-at-john-lewis-over-civil-rights-museum
That guy to the left and behind M. Obama isnt a member of the secret service, thats the Terminator!
that's probably what OP was implying....
In that they are not fictitious and hold a title of president, yes
George Bush was there mate, this wasn't an all black parade.Not to mention that the point was to honor MLK, not to say anyone is better than any other. But, I will sneak in some of that and say Obama is better than Trump, in every way imaginable.
There are plenty of white people in this parade. He's holding his family, something Trump doesn't even do unless it's his hot daughter. You missed the point 
It's gonna be a short lived record http://www.newsweek.com/trump-era-record-number-bombs-dropped-middle-east-667505
Think its just cause drones were new?Truman has the most kills by atom bomb. 
I'm always curious about this complaint - would you rather he sent fighter pilots in to do the same things drones did instead? He inherited the wars he fought and the drones he used, is his choice to adopt the technology of the age over putting soldiers in danger the issue here? If Bush had the drones Obama had he would have droned a hell of a lot more people than Obama did, and Trump in a year is already crushing Obama's numbers over 8.  
Also holds the record for most Nobel prize winners bombed by a Nobel prize winner. 
I can't imagine any other president having a kill score. /s
Not only is everyone who has been President a real President, I recon anything they do is presidential. Their actions define what is presidential, not our expectations. There's something fucked up about it, when people say that's 'un x' right after x has just done it.
so, so much.i get frustrated thinking about what (more) he could have done if he hadn't faced the most obstructionist shithole of a congress ever.
https://www.politico.com/story/2016/08/trump-admits-wrong-iran-money-video-226706you talking about the thing that didn't happen?https://theweek.com/speedreads/700428/trump-signs-largest-arms-deal-american-history-saudi-arabiaor the thing that did happen?
Everyone knows Trump won the presidential election.And everyone knows what a joke of a president he's been ever since.  An embarrasment to the office and the country.
It is telling that all of your positives for Obama are related to his personality, not things he achieved. 
Such charisma. I like how he could sell guns to cartels in a country with strict gun control and make me feel like it was a great idea. Then he'd give a speech about how America needs more gun control, and he'd make me feel like that's a great idea too. Then he legalized propaganda, suspended habeus corpus and bombed some hospitals. All great ideas because he was so well spoken and articulate.
I don't think you *want* a discussion where people can bring up anything discrediting about a person regardless of whether it has anything to do with the image at hand or not.And yes, should be acknowledged he wasn't a Saint and certain choices are morally very questionable. But his list of dangerous, evil and stupid things he did in all his terms looks pityful against what the current president is putting together. 
Stop pushing that narrative. Bush never was in this picture, he is in the picture on the bridge and is most certainly not cropped out, and named in the pictures description.    https://obamawhitehouse.archives.gov/blog/2015/03/08/president-obama-marks-50th-anniversary-marches-selma-montgomery    Both pictures are in that article, see for yourself.   I'm not on either side politically, not even from the US, but do appreciate using actual facts.
> no outstanding achievementsWhats Trumps biggest achievement?
The pettiness and ignorance just overflows from you. 
Fuck no he didn't he made it all worse.If you really want to help black people in the US first thing you need to do is stop feeling sorry for them and them and help them fix their communities. They are poor communities, they make babies, babies get born into poverty, don't know any better, grow up and the cycle goes on. If anything Obama made things worse by talking about how hard they have and acting like they don't have to do anything and we just have to fix the white devils racism and all poverty and racial income division will just go away.
he didnt even really do that. If he wanted to lift blacks out of the abyss, he would have worked harder to legalize pot. Pot Prohibition is one of the greatest tools of oppression there is in America.
Ahh I forgot that America as a debt free paradise where no one faced hard ships and every able worker had a comfortable job before mean old Obama rolled into town. 
Or it just hit /r/all and not everyone on this site blindly believes this guy was perfect.    source: I saw this post on /r/all 
Who then went from [bombing 2 countries to 7.......](https://youtu.be/i3oIB13C5pc) And ignored protestors while they were beaten up at [Occupy Wall Street](https://youtu.be/WmEHcOc0Sys) and at [DAPL](https://youtu.be/b5j7TNk0UzI) So peaceful
I'm not but I have healthcare, which has been quite handy
 Any Obama thread is instantly swarmed by bots and trolls :/
Mostly because r/all is sick of the circlejerk
Correct me if I'm wrong, as I'm from Europe. However, wasn't the main reason that he didn't do most of these things was because Republicans held control of Congress for most of his presidency?
Especially when he authorized the Freedom Act, allowed guns to be given to cartels, used the IRS to target political opponents and lied about giving Iran millions in ransom money. So amazing!
On a scale of one to REEEEEE, how triggered does this photo make you? 
Because he's always at the golf course. 
Just act natural Jim, you'll blend right in... https://i.imgur.com/pH7d9bf.jpg 
They borrowed wheel-chair from Johny English 2 movie!
what you don't realize is that only half of them are easy to spot.
I think that them being there might discourage some people. 
The ones directly in suit around him that are always visible are the most trained, dedicated, and hand picked agents who will not think twice to literally create a shield around POTUS with their bodies. The ones you don't spot are the snipers watching from hundreds of yards out, the people in the "background" monitoring any and all information moving through POTUS's immediate area for keywords and suspicious activity, and the tens if not hundreds of plainsclothes agents armed to the teeth. 
If I recall correctly, there are agents in uniform, as a show of force and security, and also agents in plain clothes hiding in the crowd.
Well [George Bush]( http://i.telegraph.co.uk/multimedia/archive/03224/bush_blair_selma__3224564c.jpg) was at the front, just cropped out of this shot.
Americans honoring the sacrifices of other Americans. Why does race matter here? 
They look like average fellow Americans to me.
Next thing you know we'll have clorbians pouring over the border taking all our good sleshing jobs away. No sir not on my watch.
>The Dems are taking our guns>The Dems are giving the blacks gunsYou only get one, my dude. Plus, a gun is no different in a black or white hand 
High score for drone kills by Nobel peace prize winners*
I mean, he couldn't have pulled out and stopped killing people in foreign countries. That would be crazy. 
Not American but I love how Republicans even concede on this point. But still try and offer some bullshit excuse for it.
Says the person fawing over a picture of Obama.
Jesus christ how deluded can you be?"Blind followers" no, fuck no. You live in a civilized society, you had an ELECTION, Trump got ELECTED a president and you screaming "WAAAAH I DON'T WANT HIM TO BE A PRESIDENT" is not going to change that. You can keep saying that of course but thats not going to change shit.Also APPARENTLY if you are willing to accept that someone(even if you don't like him) got elected a president you are now a troll or a bot, TIL.
# US sent plane with $400 million in cash to Iran #https://www.cnn.com/2016/08/03/politics/us-sends-plane-iran-400-million-cash/index.html>The Obama administration secretly arranged a plane delivery of $400 million in cash on the same day Iran released four American prisoners and formally implemented the nuclear deal, US officials confirmed Wednesday.
So youre saying no money was sent to Iran?
THe Russians have been interfering in our Politics since the Cold War. Now you start bitching?
Maybe they can teach us about failed political party coups and how to throw elections by not campaigning, because "it's in the bag".
Yeah, and Trump is a president in both ways, he is literally a president, he got elected as one AND he does stuff that president does, acts like a president, goes on a business a president.He is a president in every way, he is just not a president like YOU would want him to be.
Like spending every single day of two presidential terms at war?
If you're American he's your president
Yeah, when it comes to middle eastern affairs Obama really didnt do a very good job. 
You are literally a the_donald poster.
Wait, didn't we go up 6 trillion in a 8 year time period? Huh that seems like a lot 
What do you think people should care about?Edit: I am now banned from this sub. I can no longer reply to you. Your beliefs can not hold in a free speech enviroment.
So which part of his comment is incorrect?
All Democrats are criminals who hide child sex rings in stereotypical NYC eateries and emails in their mattresses. Haven't you heard?
Fake hand guy on the right https://imgur.com/89Nrp5nLooks like hes holding something under his jacket 
The other half is there to spot you
I mean, if you've reached a point where murdering the POTUS (or ex POTUS) is even an option, you probably don't care too much about what the secret service will do to you. 
So most of that picture is the secret service!
They're probably secret service (especially the tall dude in sunglasses near the front lol), but this was taken in 2015, when Obama was president, not former president.
Are you saying it isn't ok to celebrate MLK?
Whew, for a second there I was concerned you weren't going to invent another unfair standard to hold Obama to. Glad to see you had it covered though.
And to think, Republicans were all up in arms when he won that because it was violating article 1, section 9:> No Title of Nobility shall be granted by the United States: And no Person holding any Office of Profit or Trust under them, shall, without the Consent of the Congress, accept of any present, Emolument, Office, or Title, of any kind whatever, from any King, Prince, or foreign State.Trump is basically breaking this every day and they don't seem to care.
The situation was definitely this easy and clear-cut, you're right. Obama "pulled out and stopped killing people" in Iraq in 2011, and the haste with which he did it opened the ISIS can of worms. Bush inserting America into the region introduced a series of unsolvable problems, political and military, for his successor to solve - if you're mad that the least shitty option involved replacing piloted bombers with pilotless bombers, I'm not sure what to tell you. It's a valid complaint if you think it is. But a clean exit from the Middle East was impossible.
When your inheritance is a highly politicized Kobayashi Maru of corruption and an absurd amount of money in one of the most volatile areas on earth, yes, these situations can take longer than 8 years to unwind.Invading Iraq was a collossally stupid idea for a lot of reasons, and those reasons didn't just disappear when the guy calling the shots changed. 
You are a fool if you think American foreign policy has been different for nearly a century. 
He said one of the greatest then complements his demeanor
> in all reality he was one of the worst presidents in the history of the USwtf are you going on about? One of the worst? Jesus christ...
Yes. Im just suggesting the current one has one of the longest, most humiliating and best documented ones 
I don't think he was a perfect and I don't go to the_donald. I just think most democrats and republicans are hypocritical two faced liars. I try to objectively look at the people's actions and not how their words might have hurt my feelings.
Paying for wars started by other people costs a shitload of money.
> Its fun to throw all those talking points out, but the truths behind those is more complex than you make it seem. Meanwhile _Drumpf is literally Hitler! We must resist!_lol, amirite?
I don't know, but i imagine that there is a reason that they don't try to blend in.
Racists and Nazis like to use the phrase 'it's okay to be white' to start shit and troll.
#ARE YOU SAYING IT ISN'T OK TO BE WHITE?
That is some weak ass trolling 
...ok?I mean you disagree you didn't really say anything yourself so wahts the point of that comment exactly?
And you still believe the government protects you LOL
He had 8 years to end those. He didn't have to win it, could have just pulled the troops back if he wanted to. He is a nobel peace prize winner. He got the US into MORE wars.
Your party creating a boogeyman to fight against is not an example of an issue the public should care about, and not somethign your vote should be dictated by.
Im asking for a fallacy to be pointed out.
Well imagine being a marksman trying to spot a potential threat.  "Dude with the black hoodie looks like he's strapped with kevlar and is hiding a sub-machine gun... Oh wait no. I forgot Greg went to see Primus on saturday."
Holy shit, this dude's charisma is epic.
It is impossible for the President of the United States to not have blood on his hands. This would've been true if Bernie Sanders was president, it would've been true if Ron Paul was president and it would've been true if the Dalai Lama was president.Obama's constitutional obligation was to the United States of America, not to the Nobel Committee. Being mad at him having to make ugly and messy decisions with no winners all because he accepted one of the most prestigious awards a man can receive isn't a fair criticism to level.  
The USA leaving Afghanistan at the time would have caused Afghanistan to collapse again because the Taliban HAS a sponsor and result in another terrorist "zone" that would have to be invaded again. The issue was simple. The first war in Afghanistan made real progress. But wasn't romantic. So we got a war in Iraq. Which sucked resources away from Afghanistan which allowed the Taliban to call on old favours and honour to reform their system. We didn't press the attack and we certainly didn't put pressure on a certain country that was arming them. 
Those weapons had had 6 years to percolate through Iraq before Obama even took office. There were a lot of situational factors surrounding Iraq that would have boxed any president in. It was never possible for us to pull out of Iraq without it ending badly for someone, a consequence of the fact that it was never possible for us to get into Iraq without it ending badly for someone.
I'll blame him if he escalates them or makes them worse in predictable ways, but no, I honestly won't fault him if he can't get our troops out of the Middle East. It's a really hard situation to extricate ourselves from, and I wouldn't have expected Clinton to get all of our troops out of there either.
It's not like 'murica has a particularly good track record for presidents, Obama seems like one of the better ones lol.Edit: Thanks for the downvote, heh heh. 
Throw down the race card on your first turn...you lose.
And you still think the fed should own the public's land. Keep dreaming about your dear leader because that's all a thing of the past now. You can live in your own world or in reality, that choice is up to you 
No. He admitted women are all over him. Stop trying to spin this. Everyone who knows you're doing it will see you as their opponent. 
Would you care to explain it to me?
You'd be bitching just as much about it still if he had refused it. 
username is at least 50% accurate.
He's a class act? He bombed more countries than bush. He weaponized our doj and irs. A race war exploded in a way that hasn't been seen in decades. Take care bud, take a step back outside the bubble
I miss when we had a president who could use complete sentences and have an adult conversation about things. 
And dont simply sit back and read about the horrors until you hit the point of exhasted outrage. Stay informed, but not swallowing all the "reality tv" bullshit they thrive off of.
Get the message people. It doesn't get any more straight forward than that. Vote, pure and simple. If you call yourself a Democrat you need to vote. If you call yourself a Republican and you've become disgusted ans disillusioned by the farce going on in Washington, then swallow your pride and make things right by voting Trump and his criminal gang out of office.If you're still a Trump supporter then I'm sorry, there's no fuckin' hope left for your humanity.
It wasn't so much voting that I had a problem with. It was voting 3rd party. Trump has cured me of my idealistic ways. 
Why act like a normal president when you can fear monger and spread totally bullshit lies to get votes from idiots?
If more people voted before there was only Hillary and Trump we could have gotten better candidates for both sides. 
When they try to run Hillary for president AGAIN!!!!
Can we regularly update this and use it as copy pasta for r/t_d
Holy fucking shit, this is awesome. You and poppin are really keeping track of things and I really appreciate it.
Trumpers still gonna Trump - Vote the GOP out 
PREACH. I am downloading this!  Thanks for the effort. I have a lot of Trump supporting friends, and am often at a loss for words for a rebuttal to their cult like mantras.  The next time I am with them standing slack jawed at their Trump-speak, I will bring this up and just let them read. Of course they will deny, deny, deny 
 Great work! Thank you. I have followed all these things pretty closely, but every time I read a synopsis I remember things I completely forgot about. It is good to know that I can save this and similar posts, and have the information at my fingertips when I need it.
Trump has the BEST sentences and the MOST GOODEST words, BIGLY TRUE BELIEVE ME BELIEVE ME SOMEBODY GET ME A BIG MAC WITH EXTRA SAUCE
too much to ask. Republicans prefer a guy who can scream on twitter and not make any sense at a rally. 
In the short term you hold your nose and vote Hillary because the alternative is so much worse.After that, you can get your revenge by turfing those ass-clowns in the Democratic Party out of power too.Part of maturity is picking your battles wisely, and protesting Hillary in the face of a Trump presidency is not the right one.
The people overwhelmingly voted for Hilary, the representatives for Trump.
I dunno I'm kind of a Teddy Roosevelt kinda guy.
Uh, once you are elected President, you hold the title for life. You just aren't acting President.
As a Democrat I agree with this, and it worries me. The DNC has a track record of being tone deaf to the wants of the party and they have lost elections that should have been slam-dunk victories for them. Pushing the Gore-Bot in 2000 against Bush Jr. in 2000, pushing Kerry against Bush Junior in 2004, pushing Clinton against Trump in 2016.Obama wasn't on many people's radars until he gave the keynote at the 2004 DNC convention. 2020 is a long way away, but I don't think they fully understand why they lost the 2016 election and are vulnerable to the same errors in 2020.
A Trump supporter coming into a Democratic subreddit and encouraging people to vote 3rd party. Shocking. 
> call me HogwartsDo you *really* like giant squids *that* much?
You will get banned. I got banned when Sarah Sanders was asked to leave that restaurant for asking if Obama, or Hillary or James Comey went into their places of business if they would just serve them to the best of their ability without saying anything.
Ignorance really runs wild for those people
No it isn't, no it isn't, yes it will, yes they will, and no he won't for exactly those reasons.
Because the republican congress cut the funding you moron. 
For your first point. It's because it's illegal to do so. You also must remember that the efforts Russians took to influence the election were very microtargeted in strategic states that would hand Trump the election. It's very relevant that he lost the popular vote and was not elected democratically by the strictest sense of the word. Secondly, whatabouttism doesn't help anybody, we're trying to move on from the sins of our past by voting for candidates who don't take ethics for granted, and truly represent the will of the people
Because it's a federal crime?  Because it invalidates the results of the election?  Because it's almost surely going to rope in some GOP congressman and show why Trump is still in office despite committing impeachable offenses on a near-daily basis?And it's not different than election/leadership meddling we have done, and those countries could have and should have arrested the people we put in power in many cases (assuming they had laws against it, and you know, that we hadn't corrupted everyone).
And collude... and money launder... and cheat... and lie... and discriminate... and project...
like a broken record.edit: I thought this was /s
> Lol Barry was the worst without a screen to read from.Can you prove that with an example?  Cause I sincerely doubt you can find a video where Obama sounds dumber than Trump.
It's possible that the complaint here was based on the common belief that Sanders would have defeated Trump. The hypothetical may be true, but we really have no way of getting certain. 
Supporting Trump at this point is no longer about political philosophies. I'd say it's been demonstrated that he himself has no political philosophy and is just a egotistical asshole leading this country into a much less capable position than it was before he took office. We have become isolated and distant from our trade partners and allies. The people still thinking Trump is "Making America Great Again" are horrifically out of touch and/or have terrible moral and ethical values.This isn't about Republican vs. Democratic ideals anymore, Trump is his own independent island of stupid.
Did you perhaps forget to switch to your political alt?
It doesn't matter because the popular vote doesn't decide the election. Democrats have won elections under the same electoral college system, so the argument that it unfairly biases one way or another is bunk.Why did Donald Fucking Trump win the electoral college, the same system that Hillary Clinton was trying to win under? The answer to this question is what the DNC must seriously study and understand.
That "walk away" movement they tried to kick off  is such a transparent and desperate attempt. Did anyone actually fall for it?  
They wouldn't do that. That would be censorship
And brag, boast, and the best at everything!
You speak sarcastically but many many Republican voters, when presented with the things, will say some variation of "it's because he's like this that we like him."
When I see an actual headline on Fox news titled "Failed Obama attacks successful Trump in bitter swan song" in reference to the speech he gave, I've seen all I need to know about *your* perspective.
"You actually check to see if the person being a dickhead is a dickhead by looking at previous statements they've made? Wow, you're such a loser for using the other person's previous statements to point out their shitiness."
I just saw your comment history. Bitter as fuck and constantly calling people on reddit losers. While you yourself......are on.....reddit. lmfao
Ha! Right! I wrote back and asked. They said I was banned for trolling. I said that I was legimately wanting to start a dialogue with someone who has different beliefs. I was told to go to "Ask The Donald," because t_d is only about the non-stop rally or whatever.
And lie about everything all the time.
nor does it make it true, heh
Wasn't about politcs? You talked about differing political philosophies, the Obama administration and Hillary Clinton. That's politics.
As may be. However a quick analysis shows a lot of Trump supporters have grown disillusioned to say the least with the shit show that Trump has released since his election. My comment was directed at the blind maniacs that still scream their support in all defiance of Trumps obvious incompetence. Americas credibility has been damaged severely on the world stage since he took office. Not to mention the loss of long time allies and trading partners with his ridiculous shenanigans. America will be decades recovering from the last two years.
Maybe the party should cater to the voters instead of pushing candidates that have no redeemable qualities besides not being Trump. Trump being vilified by his own party only made him more attractive to red hats. Maybe the Democratic Party can learn something from that and get people who voters actually want on their platform. 
mmmm, that's how you get voters on your side keep doing that
Wait whos the little boy in blue?Edit: there are a bunch of kids in both pics, whats going on?
[116th Congress Members-Elect](https://www.washingtonpost.com/resizer/jisjNfKpNP8f0DrHanx7g2tXMpI=/1484x0/arc-anglerfish-washpost-prod-washpost.s3.amazonaws.com/public/GMH7HAXHTAI6RBCJD7ZGGYE2GE.jpg)Well, I guess they're all just "Members" now! :) 
Remember, these people already think white men are the real minority. They probably are proud of the diversity represented in this picture.
Yeah but house GOP has Big Boss.
Meh, if they do their job, that's what matters.
I'll show this picture to my kids one day. It makes me so happy! 
Hey but look! The GOP has a 13 year old Congressman!What was that about diversity?!? You dumb libs /s
Sad that people focus on race and not who can get the job done and who's most qualified.
One party represents the people. The other party represents monied special interests.
Democrats actually look like they represent the United States of America.
First day in session. They get sworn in today, and most of them have their family by their side for photos while they get sworn in. I imagine that on the first day their kids can probably come in for a bit.
Bring the kids to work day.Edit: Donny does this everyday.
That's definitely Big Boss from Metal Gear Solid.
I found the guy with an eyepatch but not before spending about 45 seconds looking for someone with a hook for a hand.
Who wouldve thought that an echo chamber of rich white men wouldnt be able to make the best decisions on an incredibly diverse populous 
> intellectual diversityLike they want equal representation from super genius to severely retarded in congress?
I always flip this around.Yeah, I agree that's important. So why are the Republicans refusing to elect anyone that isn't a rich white man? Focusing so much on race and gender must really hurt intellectual diversity, right?
Depends. Corporations are considered people right?
Looking at the pic, adding up both dem and gop reps would probably give a pretty good representation the racial diversity of the us population.
Statistically? The one with more whites... (Represents demographics more accurately)
Neither side is very accurate if you're looking for perfectly fair representation on a race basis.  Then again I thought we weren't supposed to operate based on race.  
Here is the thing.  If minorities in the USA have it so easy, why are they so scared of being the minority? Or maybe they actually understand how shitty it is & are scared we'll treat them like they treat us. 
bUt tHE DeMOcRatS weRe ThE cONfEderATeS!!!1!1
if everyone was voting people in simply on their ability to perform the job and completely ignoring race/gender. Then statistically we would see a breakdown of congress members that somewhat matches that actually population. 50/50 men and women, 61% white.The fact that Republicans overwhelmingly elect white males means that they are prioritizing race and gender. The fact that the Democrats are closer to matching the actual population means they are prioritizing ability.Edit: Just found some stats. 37% of Democratic congressmen are people of color, only 5% of Republicans are. For women, 38% of the Democrats, 9% of the Republicans.
> but isn't real diversity in what you think and doIf you only have white males in your legislature, you're only going to have issues addressed that affect white males.By having both racial and gender diversity, you increase the chances of addressing issues of concerns to all citizens, not just those of a specific gender and race.>We're pretty much all white where I liveIf you have an all-white country, then you'll have an all-white legislature, just like an all-Asian or all-Black nation will have legislatures of a single race. However, America is not an all-white country -- roughly 60 percent of Americans are white and non-Hispanic, and that percentage is shrinking.
They're all 13 year old boys if you look hard enough.
>  If everyone on the left have the exact same ideas, the same beliefs and the same agendas Well good thing that is nowhere close to being the case then. 
One view is it could increase the diversity of ideas and experiences.One could also ask why it is inherently bad?
Yeah, but the GOP's share of voters is ultimately an outcome of their policies and rhetoric.Also, your logic doesn't hold up for Republican women. Women tend to vote more for Democrats, but not by much. [538 has some coverage that explains the difference](https://fivethirtyeight.com/features/why-the-republican-party-isnt-electing-more-women/). A major factor there is that Republicans aren't doing the leg work to get women interested. Any attempt to right past wrongs is rejected as identity politics. Also, gender roles are still a major factor.
> If 90% of Black people vote democrat, it is very difficult to get elected as a black republican.Why wouldn't white republicans vote for them? White democrats often vote for black candidates.
What makes you think they are any less capable? Is it because you think that people who are not white are inherently inferior? 
SNL guy had to apologize to that dude for similar remark last month. He came on snl and was cool.  Not judging, just saying. 
Lost his eye in an IED overseas. 
thank you comrade.  Your thinly veiled cynical play toward racism will be rewarded with extra rations at the end of this month.  Now it is clear that white people are good by virtue of being white and there is no need to infect their cleanliness with the impurities of dark skinned.  Heil Drumpf!  
Hell, Tammy Duckworth, the Jr Senator from Illinois showed up with her baby one day to vote. Caused quite a stir from what I recall. 
WAR ON MUH CIVILITY!! DEMZ HATE THE TROOPS!!! LIBRULS TOOK MUH RAINBOWS AND ARE COMING FER MUH BIBLE!!!1!ONE/slash/sargasm*Did I make America great hard enough?*
More troops to fight radical Islammore military spendingcut SS, Medicare and Medicaidanti-abortion from conceptionBuild the wallabolish sanctuary cities school choicecolleges are anti-conservative and the government should fix itrepeal the ACA Anti-Paris Climate agreementAll from [his own website](https://crenshawforcongress.com/issues/)I agree he's an eloquent and decent person, but where are those moderate positions?
I believe they meant diversity of thought, so that the (hopefully) honest and well-meaning representatives and senators can debate their ideas and pass the best legislation they can. In theory, diversity of thought can only be found in groups of freely thinking individuals, but in reality, you could find a reasonable degree of diversity of thought in groups that were solely created to be diverse in the usual sense, i.e. racially, ethnically, sexually, etc.
They want both kids of people:Country AND western. 
Eh this picture is heavily skewed in the fact most of the people on the Dem side is actually just family. 
WAIT DONT TAKE DOWN ~~OUR~~ their MONUMENTS
Exactly the type story a supervillain would tell...
>I like soldiers who don't get caught.   -dt
I like Navy Seals that didn't lose their eye to an IED.
She lost both her legs and damn near lost her right arm after her black hawk was shot down by an RPG in Iraq.  As far as I'm concerned, she could show up to the polls in wet suit and surfboard with a pet miniature pony and an entourage of muscular oiled-up men in togas waving olive branches for her as she is politely ushered to the front of the line to vote via sign language in lieu of a paper ballot if she wants to.  She's earned that right and much, much more.It's amazing how empty the GOP's actual support of the military is.  They claim they are, and all they have to amount to it is giving the DoD a ludicrous annual budget that doesn't even really go to the military.  
It's the house, not the senate.And they still have Jim Jordan. But I guess as long as they keep their kids out of the House of Representatives' locker room...EDIT: "You forgot the other Republican pedophiles" sure is a sign of the times.
Well, you can, but then you need to go on SNL and talk about what a swell guy he is.
Yes because the Republican snowflakes don't like it remember? We're the snowflakes until their feelings are hurt 
Sadly I think nowadays they just might be. True moderates are dying off. 
Despite this, not because of it
As far as I can tell, they went to TD to argue on a couple of posts. The other comments in political posts seem to lean Left more than Right. 
The other one is certainly not  61.3% white either. Infact it looks less than 10% white.
Ok so there is really a lot in this. So I believe it is a minority of people that that truly think diversity is good for the sake of diversity. They believe it has no merit other than to ensure that the face of a race or culture is on an oil painting somewhere.  Personal I believe most people don't really do much for "Fighting for diversity". Anidoticly I work in an environment that normally requires a large staff. The majority of the time the leadership at the top (Dir - SrVPs) are white males. Yet they end up with a rather diverse workforce. Most of the companies do in fact have diversity guidelines, however, they tend to be simply put "don't NOT hire someone cause of race, creed, sex........). The point is that while yes, there are people that go out and cause problems if the ratio of minorities to the majority isn't 90/10. They are rare... and personally, I call these people extremist.  That being said, there is the same group on the other end of the spectrum.   Yes, some with good intentions, lose their way... what is it, Harvard, that just got sued cause they wouldn't let someone in cause they have too many of their race already? Yes, it complicated, but I doubt it was this whole... we want and have to let people in cause we have a quota.  Its more the idea of not discriminating got out of hand.   Now the kicker is you may hear about how the other side is full of these Extremist all the time. "Ohh the Dems want to open the border and let EVERYONE in!" , "Ohh the GOP is just going to raise your taxes and cut all social services!", " So get out and vote and make sure the Dem/GOP doesn't take this right from you!"  I'm sure you've heard it time in time again. Yet every few years a single party controls the House, the Senate and the Presidency and none of these things have ever come anywhere close to happening.  Additionally, if you sit down and talk to the average person I'm sure they would agree they don't want those measures. Most people, on both sides, want smart immigration control, smart gun control, and a sensible tax plan. Even if the politicians tell you otherwise.   The point is, we react to this fear that the other side is some nut job. Yet really they are our next door neighbors or the guy we talk sports with at the office. They just point that go on their way and just have a slightly different view of how things could be.   I don't know if I really explained my self well enough, it's getting late here. But I hope you can follow it. And, yes, I'm a democrat... and really every democrat that I know... tends to feel the same. We really don't want open borders or to completely take away your guns. We simply want a path to citizenship that works and sensible gun control that keeps the nut jobs from getting their hands on them. 
Please stop demonizing everyone, its making the situation in our country worse. We disagree with them, but no, they're not all bottom dwelling scum suckers. He gave his eye serving in our military so he has some redeeming qualities (valor for one). I dont know much about him but I'll guess he's probably a father too.Or do you want me to start picking over all of your faults?
How do you look at these two pictures and think that *Democrats* are the ones using race as a factor in one's ability to represent? Republicans being all white and male suggests that they are the ones thinking that race and gender matters in ability to represent. Democrats having a diverse group means that their voters pick the best candidate regardless of race and gender. You don't have to be any given race or gender to be considered qualified to Democrat voters, but you do have to be a white male to be considered qualified to a Republican voter. 
That was... Oddly specific imagery.But yeah. She's a certified Bad Ass.When she called 45 Cadet Bonespurs and one moth breather went in on about how she didn't have any place to talk about military stuff... And the schooling began. 
Yeah, he puts a younger and rogueishly handsome face on what are basically boilerplate mainstream Republican positions. Being a legit war hero doesn't hurt, either. I don't understand how a man like that can stand working with chicken hawks, with a loudmouthed bullying coward like Trump in office.
Wait...I thought the librulz were the language policing snowflakes...
Rashida Tlaib dabbed lol, and apparently either McAdams or his kids flossed
Please say more? IDK who or what to even Google
SNL actually made fun of the guy, he ended up going on the show spreading a good message 
Treating other people with respect and judjing them by their actions and not stereotyping them is not submission. It's basic human decency. Why do you care so much about what they think?
[Here you go, my man.](https://www.nytimes.com/2018/11/11/arts/television/snl-pete-davidson-dan-crenshaw.html) Basically a republican rep has an eye patch from an IED he encountered while on his third combat tour, and an SNL dude said he looked like the hit man in a porno, and everyone flipped out a little, then the comedian apologized and the senator got in on the joke by making fun of the comedian, on Weekend Update on SNL. I think Dan Crenshaw is hot as fuck, aside from the whole republican thing, and his appearance on SNL was cute and funny, and everything is fine now. 
I know, I know. I play pretty fast and loose with punctuation sometimes. Sorry to disappoint you, my friend. 
Yeah, it seemed like others cared a lot more than he did. He went on SNL and made fun if Pete Davidson and they both laughed about it.
He actually handled it really well and was super cool about it. I don't know why you're shitting on the guy 
He's my rep. Replaced a retiring tea party guy in a district rated R+15, only won by 4 points over the awesome Dem that was running. He is a far right social conservative with sleek branding. One of the Republicans I'm most fearful of in the future.Edit: his issues page. He supports building the wall and banning abortion, and it doesn't get better on other issues. He is literally the worst. https://crenshawforcongress.com/issues/We shouldn't glorify people just because they fight in wars. Glorify the people who oppose our illegal and unjust wars in the first place.
A true believer, I see . Those are the scary ones. And this motherfucker has combat experience as well. Erik Prince rev. B , fml
Come on Sean, spill your guts.  That douche destroyed your reputation, the least you could do is let us know what's going on. 
Well, at least Hannity is finally correct."This story does blow the Russia Collusion story out of the water."
I don't get why this is supposed to be something.  from what I see, he just says that he was told the story is going to be published.  News Organizations have given other White Houses a heads up before.  IIRC, the WaPo even gave it to the Nixon administration in "All the President's Men" (Might have been "The Final Days").
I'd love to see Fox dismantled for this. It's not even the first time they''ve been caught being the propaganda wing of the republican party.
It seems like T_D trolls are all over this post. 
I think there may be a Polonium Tom Collins in Sean's future.
I don't know why OP didn't just link the NPR report. They're the ones who actually put in the work on investigating the story behind the Seth Rich conspiracy theories, and their article is way more thorough and accurate. But I guess it just didn't have the catchy, sensationalized headline...http://www.npr.org/2017/08/01/540783715/lawsuit-alleges-fox-news-and-trump-supporter-created-fake-news-story?utm_campaign=storyshare&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_medium=social
> I'm gonna go update my filters to not include rawstory.com anymore.Smart. It's almost as bad as brietbart. 
Why do you say the headline is inaccurate? It says "White House coordination" not "Trump coordination", and Sean Spicer at the time was the **White House Communications Director**.
Thank you, was just coming here to comment something similar. I was sitting here like "am I reading the same thing as OP?"Something fishy is going on when a lot of the news stations start making pretty bold hit pieces off of not much evidence I've seen so far. We've seen how this plays out before..
Fake news about fake news from the administration that claims everything is fake news. It's hooting monkeys flinging shit at each other while the rest of us quietly give up on the whole thing.
Spicer ruined his rep by being a part of this.  He is only trying to cover his ass  now.
Don't forget the denied Pope meeting.
Let's hope he didn't sign an iron-clad NDA upon his employment
So now we know this is how he talks when he is lying. I'd like to see his old press conferences about things we thought he was lying about and see if he responds the same way. Could be really telling.
Usually news organizations give people a heads up if the story is about them. Like your Nixon example. But this story wasn't about Trump at all.     
Yeah the article doesn't really substantiate the headline. "Press Secretary Briefed on Press"...shocking.
It's almost like only one of them is in control of the government and acting in that role when colluding at this point in time. Making it even more disturbing and indicative of distraction techniques.
You should look up the word "unsubstantiated". You obviously don't know what it means.
We've known for a long time that Fake News Fox News has been and continues to be a propaganda conduit for the Republican Party, RNC and Putin/Kremlin, but this seals the connection. Not only was this Fox News Fake News story about Seth Rich meant to derail the ongoing Trump-Russiagate investigations but it was also meant to deflect attention away from all the reports of Sexual Predator activity at Fox News headquarters: Ailes fired, Shine fired, O'Reilly fired, etc. Ergo, a bunch of Sexual Predators at Fox News have been colluding with the Trump administration which has been colluding with Putin/Russians against America, against Democrats, against Hillary Clinton, with these corrupt, traitorous Republicans trying to hide their treason. Thankfully, Sean Spicer has blown the lid off this right-wing conspiracy against America.
Won't make it any less unsubstantiated...
"And if I did do it, it's not a big deal."
Yeah. Using a dead persons family for political gain. Just another day in Trumps america. MEGA!
Many others have ruined their rep as well...I'm looking at you Kellyanne, Sarah Huckabee, Mooch, and everyone else who willfully attached themselves to this shit show.
He just tried to do his best as anyone of us would've in his role.  He happened to have the worst president ever and as Sessions, Preibus and everyone else is finding out now, too, "doing your best" isn't enough for this administration.I never said he wasn't already a tool, but he did at least try to do what was asked of him and he still got kicked under the bus. 
That to me would have been the last straw. ...never mind. If any Catholic voted for him , they don't deserve an audience with the Pope. 
Ha! Sure he would.  I bet a couple news stations would hire him to anchor. 
Fair enough, but there's still no scandal here(yet) or law breaking.  At least an argument could(if it wasn't Fox) be made that it was a story that had to do with the election, and that the WH would inevitably be asked about it.  I just can't get hyped up about this, because not ever single movement anyone there makes is evidence or something worse.  Sometimes a cigar is just a cigar, as they say.  IMO, the important story is the NPR one about Trump & Co. [maybe helping write the story.]  (http://www.npr.org/2017/08/01/540783715/lawsuit-alleges-fox-news-and-trump-supporter-created-fake-news-story)  Spicer's days were numbered long before he left, and I doubt that he was involved with that.
There's a difference between being politically biased and actively spreading misinformation at the behest of the party.
For one, the NPR article itself does not claim the quotes were fabricated. It  reports that *Wheeler alleges in his lawsuit* that the quotes were fabricated. That is an important distinction.Second, I tried to find a video of Wheeler saying one or both of those quotes, but I wasn't able to find one. Could you please provide a link to the video(s) in which he states those quotes?
Hold up, the emperor is already naked. He's the only one that thinks he's wearing anything.
Yep, it just takes three things for most folks.1.  **Power**2.  **Prestige**3.  **Paycheck**
Kellyanne and Mooch were terrible people to begin with.  I dont know that much about Huckabee but if she is still a part of it, she can't be that great of a person.
> Sarah Huckabee,I seriously think the only reason she got the job was so people would confuse quotes from "[Huckabee] Sanders" with "[Senator] Sanders."
Luckily some of these people will inevitably turn on the White House after being betrayed and tossed aside. 
That's why Trump is losing his mind at 'leakers' because he has no legal recourse other than to fire them. That's why non-classified and public information still gets him and his people up in arms and threatening to get the FBI involved. 
Yeah? I guess that would make sense with FOIA. I didn't even think about that.
Wat? How can you say all that stuff about there not being a scandal then end with, *OH YEAH IT'S A HUGE SCANDAL VERIFIED BY ANOTHER SOURCE.* ? 
The investigators won't publish evidence while the investigation is on-going. I'll focus more on why Trump and his team keep lying about meetings with Russia if there's nothing to hide.
>can you cite one piece of actual evidence?Trump Jr. took a meeting with what he was told was a lawyer representing the Russian government as part of the Russian government's efforts to aid his father's campaign, in order to receive dirt on his opponent. Jr admitted to this meeting happening, even though he lied like 4 times about who was there and what was discussed. This alone is bad enough. 
Literal fake news.I think resources are tied up in the Russian collusion and conspiracy to cover up, that Trump and Trump jr admitted to, will take "president" over some fake news.
Doesn't matter, cuz he's still the emperor.
She's her father's daughter. Which ought to tell you everything you need to know.
No. No there hasn't. Don't try to normalize this, it's not an occurrence that happens across networks.
Just to be precise though, when it comes to the content of the NPR article, the article says the following:"Wheeler alleges both quotations were fabricated and untrue."So NPR does not assert that the quotations are fabricated, NPR only reports that Wheeler asserts the quotations are fabricated. 
Player three has entered the game. 
As a kid, I used to really look up to Mike Huckabee. I'm ashamed. 
The irony in your comment is palpable.And way to ignore the lies. Guess you can't try to defend that.
I mean, depending on when you were a kid, there was a point when Huckabee seemed to be pretty rightwing but still relatively pragmatic. But it's been quite a while since he's gone full-blown pundit.
It's not a lie to report what someone says.  The NPR article does not say that the quotes were fabricated.  The NPR article states that Wheeler says the quotes were fabricated.That may be a lie from Wheeler, it is not a lie from NPR.
>Have you ever been blackout drunk?   -senator>Have you?   -Brett Kavanaugh
Anyone going to mention those women are all supporting him? A little context can help.
Too bad he didn't get a chance to exhibit his judicial temperament and equanimity.  Today would have been such a good day for that.
Lmao at the dude on the far left
That whole rant about the vast left-wing conspiracy and the what goes around comes around thing should be immediately disqualifying. He will be going on the supreme court with that chip on his shoulder.
All of the women look disgusted by him
He looks likes he's about to cry that's how angry he looks. Holy crap. He is so not SCOTUS material.Edit: I wanna say it's rather hilarious when some.of these posters made a comment on my posts I go to fire back at them and guess what, the comments have been deleted! 
If that is honorable, I'd hate to see dishonorable.
dude in the back behind his mother looks like he's melting away 
Let's see:* This moment caught on video and in pictures for the rest of history to witness* Being alleged to have attempted rape and partook in a rape train* Being a terrible alcoholic and notorious gambler, which by itself, in my view, should have disqualified him from this nomination Yeah, he's tarnished for the rest of his life.  The thing is, if he gets the vote tomorrow, doesn't it also cast doubt and diminishes the respect of the US Supreme Court for the next two to three decades with him on it?   
Same face he makes when they cut him off at the bar.
This is what a tantrum-throwing, whiny little bitch whose privilege is being threatened looks like. Just like the president. And they call us snowflakes...
"We drank beer, and we drank a lot of beer"
Anyone got video or a timestamp for this moment? 
Looks like he's just saying "waaahhhh!"
Every single woman in this photo has a look of disgust. I love it.
His reaction to the accusations are very telling. EVEN IF an investigation proved the allegations could not be proven/were false, his lack of professionalism, and respect for his colleagues and the law during questioning are enough to say he does not deserve a seat on Supreme Court. How did it come down to this?!?! Jfc
Clarence Thomas was cool as a cucumber. Brett Kavanaugh, not so much.
Love the looks on the faces of all of those women!
As someone who doesnt follow politics I find it weird that they have some dude sit in a court or whatever with cameras and basically just grill him about his life. And the whole time everyone is **super** serious. I dont know. It is just weird.
The looks of sheer disgust and horror on the faces of the women seated behind him says it all. 
>Will you ask, right now, for an FBI Investigation?>-I will do whatever you all would like me to do>I am asking what you personally would like to do>-I'M INNOCENT!!
When he gave his emotional opening statement, my mind opened a little. Not in a way that I thought Dr. Ford was lying or not telling the truth but...I don't...just enough to listen. This outburst was the cap of his escalating disrespect of the democratic senators asking him questions. I thought, "He's being rude, forceful, and mean in public when not drinking, it's no longer a stretch for me that he could be a mean drunk."
That response was ridiculous. So many times I was yelling "answer the damn question"
She should have shot back like a Fostech Origin-12  "I'm not the one up for SCOTUS, Judge, so I'll be the one asking the questions today."
I haven't even been *drunk,* much less blackout drunk. Not that I think teetotal should be a criteria for scotus but the implication that it's totally normal to get blackout drunk, in high school no less, is... really gross.
Yes, it has been mentioned several times throughout this thread that that is his wife and other relatives. They were brought there as his support, but they sure don't look like they're supporting him, do they? Even his own family is disgusted by his behavior. 
He's angry because he's guilty. Lashing out because he's been caught. Dude obviously doesn't come close to having the temperament to be a judge, much less a SC judge. 
Seriously. Could you imagine him behind closed doors deliberating a case with the other SCOTUS judges? The current judges have given lots of interviews praising their collective ability to have open minded deliberations about cases - I can't imagine how Brett would fit in there. We must save RGB from having to interact with Brett every day! 
'I wonder how many ceiling fans could be installed... lots of shit would hit them today'
Can't believe I had to go down this far
Judging by quite a few comments here, it seems like a lot of people didn't actually watch the hearing. Kavanaugh's opening statement was incredibly emotional, and there were quite a few moments where he was choking back tears and struggling to maintain his composure.To make this clear: **I'm not here to make a judgment about what might have happened between Kavanaugh and Dr. Ford.**I just think it's not exactly a "good look" to say that the people in this picture are disgusted. That's a blatant misrepresentation of the truth. The people to Kavanaugh's right are his family, as far as I know, and they were seen to be struggling just as much as Kavanaugh was during the more emotional moments of his opening remarks. tl;dr: Don't misrepresent the truth. It's incredibly easy to do, especially in settings where there are cameras snapping off dozens of photos every second. It reminds me of that photo from not too long ago where Trump was surrounded by other world leaders, and they were looking at him with rather serious/chastising looks on their faces. Another photo from a few moments later showed them smiling and laughing. A few seconds is all it takes to provide a photo which can be used by either side to forward their agenda, whereas the truth is likely somewhere in between those two extremes. I guess this wasn't much of a tl;dr, but yeah. Just wanted to toss in my $0.02.
She's so sick of his shit...
Curious about this as well. Wondering what exactly he was saying when they made those faces. 
I dont have the link but one of the the times was at 1 57 00 out of a 4hr clip
I'd hate to see drunk , horny, and entitled
The vote tomorrow is just the committee, if (when) that passes it goes to the full Senate next week. 
and went to Yale!  I went to Yale! It's number 1!!!!!!!
Idk about you, but someone who has drank a lot of beer maybe shouldn't be the last person making decisions that effect hundreds of millions of people.  Make shitty decosions for your self like the rest of us, but don't make decisions for us
To be fair, a White man is allowed to get angry in public.  That's another old aspect of America.
There should be no glee in this. It's all sad.
No she isnt, quit trying to play Sherlock and deciphering a meaning behind something you have no idea of. I watched the whole thing today and she looked sad and was crying and stuff when kavanaugh spoke about personal things like his family. 
She was born in mexico though. Is half mexican - half jewish. So, is she really? 
yeah.  as it turns out, bullying is not a good look on someone accused of rape. go figure.
He acts like this though lines of questioning - as a Judge - who has to either give, or sit though lines of questioning. Oh, and that whole not understanding perjury as a judge thing. 
plus his whole conspiracy theory angle while also admitting that he believes Ford.  And never calling for an investigation or taking a poly.  He was combative and purposely wasted time to avoid answering questions.  I'm glad he talked so much about his alcoholism though.  
Yeah, at the beginning i was feeling sympathetic towards him. By that point hed already been arguing with senators but that was just too much. 
especially during all the alcohol talk.  she knows.
>I played sports which proves I'm innocent.*incoming fake tears before another rage*
It's like he didn't know the point of the blackout line of questioning.  It was to establish a pattern of this behavior because they are implying that he was blacked out while raping ford and truly doesn't remember.
He doesn't have the temperament or the mentality for it.. There is absolutely nothing distinguished about this guy.And I have to say, I am really unimpressed by his upbringing.  He's no advertisement for Georgetown Prep and they did a crappy job of guiding their students along a righteous path.  
Nah. Homie is just stressing because he's on like day three of quitting the sauce. He got dragged through the mud today and he's not even going to get to have a drink tonight. I'm sure the next time we see his wife she has oversized shades on. 
Serious question...Is that really how that expression is meant to work? Like it violently flew high enough to hit a ceiling fan? Or it was piled high enough to hit the ceiling fan?I always figured it like it hit a box fan or oscillating desk fan and sort of splattered all over...
No, you missed a step, there.
She was literally popping pills during the hearing, you can see her put one in her mouth as they come back from one of the breaks.
Just to the left of him in the photo.
Lol it's the "here we go again..." look
Yep, and it will continue until you vote Republicans out of office at every level of government, forever.
I was on the basketball team! 
And he's thinking, "This isn't what we rehearsed, dude."
yeah, with that attitude he should have run for president
He only has to impress people that are impressed by bullies. 
Let's not start believing polygraphs aren't pseudoscience, agree with you all the same
"Clinton is controlling this nothing is real the matrix was a documentary!" - Republican's best supreme court dude
The beginning speech and sobbing had me going.  Turned it off for a while after that, but came back an hour or so later and wasn't even sure if it was the same hearing anymore. It was like night and day.
I said in my original comment that his statement made me really think. I started to wonder how two people could both tell their truths and the stories be inconsistent. I believe what she said this morning, and I started to find him credible when he was reading his statement. The range of emotions were completely understandable: the anger at first, the frustration then the sadness and upset at times. I felt for him. He then started to show this level of disdain and disrepesct for the democrats asking him questions and that's where he lost me. He is trying to become a supreme court justice and I guess I just expected a certain level of decorum. As part of my job, I sometimes have to work with individuals who have difficult personality disorders. I will bend over backwards to assist them, and they will run to my Director to complain. I didn't do anything wrong, it's just the way some of their brains are wired that making someone else's day a little worse makes theirs a little better. So, after they bash me to that Director, I have to meet with that same person who complained about me and said nasty things. I can't let on that the personal jabs bothered me, or he/she will complan that they feel uncomfortable complaining. I see these individuals for years having to deal with this cycle. Sometimes, for your job, you have to breathe and remember to be respectful. That is my opinion. We can have differing ones. That's what makes this world so awesome :)
By refute you mean the other accused attacker is denying it, someone who wasn't in the room said they didn't see it, and someone says they don't remember that specific party? Editing to remove sarcasm: In the hearing these are the specifics I recalled. I just looked again and can't find those specific wordings. All articles just said they don't remember a party like that, or a party with him. Apologies. 
I'd be fucking respectful because that's what the situation calls for. He's not arguing with a friend, he's at a Senate hearing!
She's probably been at least yelled at.
> It's like he didn't know the point of the blackout line of questioningYou're kidding, right?  He was avoiding exactly BECAUSE he understood the point of that line of questioning.
That was no false accusation.And if there were a false allegation, he'd be the first one to demand a full investigation tout suite.  He wouldn't rest until he got one.  He's doing the very opposite of that.  
No, shit is going everywhere. The walls, ceiling, everything. When shit hits the fan, you got a big mess to clean. 
I believe from the left it's his mother, his sister, and his wife.  Women on the right not related.
Multiple times over a 45 min period. 
Regardless of how the investigation turns out, should someone who does so poorly under pressure really hold a high seat in the Supreme Court?
Like, a lot. If you made a drinking game where you took a shot every time he started crying again, you would have been drunk in 30 minutes.
My mother was a woman so I couldn't possibly have done this!
you know, he's actually stupid enough to be a GOP presidential candidate, now that you mention it.
Kavanaugh ruled that polygraphs could be used for job screening.  
republicans love pseudoscience though.  this is how we communicate on their level.Brett doing everything he can to avoid one says a lot, imo.  thought about something else.  Brett also complained about evidence while praising trump, the original birther. 
Do not lie. He absolutely did not. I watched the entire thing. He steadfastly refused to call for an FBI investigation every time he was asked. 
no he didn't.  He was asked many times and all he kept doing was>uh...uh...uh....I'll do.....uh....uh..what every the......uh....uh..committee recommends.  While being all uncomfortable and antsy, looking around for help.This whole thing was trying to get him and/or republicans to do an investigation so we help learn the truth.  They want no part of the truth.  
I didn't see that.  I saw him say he wants whatever the senate wants 
>they called me ralph but not because i puked while drunk all the time.  it's because I have a weak stomach.  ask any of my church friends.
Back. And to the left. Back. And to the left. 
[mother, friend, wife](https://imgur.com/a/DYwX18b) according to [this](https://heavy.com/news/2018/09/ashley-brett-kavanaugh-wife-sitting-behind-him-photos/)
Sexual assaulters are way bigger fucking losers and so are you for enabling them 
My calendar says I was busy washing the church that night.
They are the bureau charged with clearing the name of high ranking appointees such as Supreme Court Justice. They have done six background checks on him already, what's one more?? Unless that is he's got something to hide.
There had to be a second spitter
I have no sympathy whatsoever for Kavanaugh.Just wanted to say that it's ok to cry, kid or grown up, man or woman.
Yeah. Initially i was sympathetic but his conspiracy accusations and combative nature really threw that out the window. He's sober and this upset. I can easily believe a lil alcohol and he loses control. 
Crying is fine if you are regretful of your actions and wanting to change. He was not regretful.
That is, when I wasn't busting my ass to get into Yale. I got into Yale without any connections.  It's number 1!  I got into Yale!
oh yeah.  this guy couldn't author a distinguished opinion if his life depended on it.  He's a hack.
I just told you what he said after you lied about what he said and then you quoted me.  He and republicans are doing everything they can to prevent an investigation - they are not hiding this fact.He has not been vetted over these allegations.  another lie.He can't be trusted because he is being accused of rape by a very credible victim while diminshing all his credibility by doing everything he can to avoid an investigation.You can't even recall what was said today and you think you're going to talk about clinton.  This just is another reason kavanaugh is insane - he blamed the deep state and the clintons while also believeing ford.try again, trumper.
She knows what's coming as soon as they get home. 
That's the most terrifying part of this. He is supposed to be a judge. Level headed, calm and calculated. At least that's how I see a judge. 
A fairly apolitical position at that. They arent supposed to attack congress. Democrats or republicans. 
because the '400' control the means of communication, lie to the other 300,000,000 and get them to hate them.
Because1) Propaganda / divide and conquer. Easy to win for the enemy elite if the downtrodden don't even see them as an enemy.2) [Just-world fallacy.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Just-world_hypothesis) Those 400 people surely must deserve all that wealth because the world is fair!
Because God said pull yourself up by your bootstraps /s
Because we have stigmatized being poor, and people honestly think if they work hard the will become the 401st billionair. America is a Oligarchy not a democracy. 
Because contemporary American conservatism is a total economic sham and has been since the 1920s.
Now I'm generally fairly right leaning on most subjects but I totally support all forms of welfare. For one it's shocking to see people call us a christian nation (which isn't true in the first place) and then condemn the poor and anyone different from them. More importantly though as we enter in to a new age of automation and increased efficiency there's just simply less options for people. I don't want to become like India or China where the poor are left naked, starving, and homeless in the streets. What do people really think would happen right now if millions of Americans stopped receiving welfare? There would be rioting and looting the likes of which haven't been seen since the slaves were freed.
because the 400 swing the pendulum to their side
There are 10 million millionaires in America. In addition to that, many of the richest people in America own or work for companies which you willingly give your money to -- we make them rich with our money.
tbh 95% of pep i know including me are lazy as fuck soo ...i guess it make sense
We have to cut entitlement funding in order to purchase more missiles.  Obviously the very fate of our nation is at hand if we do not take the pittance set aside for social aid and redirect it to the massive allowance we have provided for defense.  Our nation would not be so defenseless if these lazy bums actually contributed by paying more in taxes so we can buy even more weapons. 
*get the them to hate each other. 
It goes a bit further than that.The underlying theme is that everybody is greedy. But for that greed to lead to riches you need to work hard. The 150 million are just as greedy, they are just too lazy to reach the same goals as the 400.That is a cynicaly worded version of the American dream, but it basically is what many believe to be true. He who works hard is successful is ingrained to such a degree that it's easy to believe that those who are poor are poor because of lazyness. This is even believed by people who are poor despite working hard.
You act like there is a line where once you cross it you stop being poor and become a billionaire. The majority of people realize they have the chance of becoming rich and if not rich then atleast in a better financial position. They don't think that they eill wake up tomorrow morning as a billionaire just because they worked a little bit harder today
You were too lazy to even type the word "people". Maybe your statistics are flawed due to selection bias or too small of a sample size.
Why do you think it's moral for someone to buy their fifth yacht while millions struggle to put food on the table and thousands of children live on the streets?&nbsp;It's fucking called compassion for fuck sake. Nobody needs 5 yachts and 10 mansions all over the world. People *need* food. This issue becomes even *more* clear when you consider the fact that the wealth of the 1% is often bolstered by doing everything they can to avoid taxes. They extract money from the populace who provide the labour and create the market and then turn around and avoid paying back in to sustaining the system that *made them.*
It's not nessicarily about the having, hell, it's not even about an "equal distribution of wealth". There are those that have and those that don't, it is a natural order of any society. But when those few who do have feel the need to step on the necks of those who don't, just because they feel their wealth entitles them to, I think it's fair to call that chafing beneath the bootheel of economic oppression.I am not wealthy.I do not begrudge the rich their wealth.I do begrudge the fact that the children of the poor are sent to foreign countries to die in pointless wars to line someone's pocket. Those are my children.I do begrudge the fact that that the poor are charged astronomical fees for sub standard health care to pad someone's bottom line. Those are my parents.I do begrudge the fact that the poor work ten times harder for less than a tenth of the pay to keep someone's trophy wife happy with another yacht. Those are my friends.And I do begrudge the fact that because I am poor I am looked down upon simply because I was not born into a life of wealth and privilege. I was born on the bottom of a ladder, the rungs of which were systematically removed by those at the top years before I was born. Thats fucking ME.It's not about their having.It's about what they took.
*get them to hate one another.
Same thing happened to Schrodinger's cat. It was meant to be an example of how their view of quantum mechanics was illogical, but now most people use it as a simple way of describing entanglement.Also Nimrod was a mighty hunter but now his name means idiot. Things just get bastardized over time.
It was the richest whitest way to say don't be poor or black
obama was a textbook neoliberal and the usa has had the best recovery from the crisis of any developed country...
*get themst've to hate one another
Because if class propaganda didn't constantly reinforce mental wage slavery, the oppressed labor classes would rise up. So we're fed lies and propaganda to turn on ourselves. If the poor white citizens realize they had more in common with the poor black citizens than they had with the rich white citizens, they'd come together and pose a serious threat to the financial elite. Can't let that happen. So racism is shown, propaganda passed as news, and even agent provocateurs inserted into communities showing a trend towards unity. It's all very subtle, ingrained, and well-established. And the only way to avoid it's poison is to set aside hate. And that's not happening any time soon. So we fight and scrape by for scraps while .01% of our population acquires more wealth in a year than most families will see in a lifetime. And we're told it's fair and our fault. Soon the justifications won't matter as 3 million truckers are soon to be without a livelihood, and none of the elites will allow UBI to be implemented. And those fathers and mothers will be forced to listen to the growling bellies of their children as they go to bed hungry. And they will sharpen their pitchforks and light their torches, and hopefully by then it won't be too late...
you can thank Bugs Bunny for that last one
Oooohhhh I'm halfway thereWooaaah white but on welfare
*get dem der yokels ta hate um nayberrrr
You mean the deVos circle?  Keep em uneducated, make em believe in God through school.  they are just smart enough to believe in hope and will sell our shitty Amway products to themselves and get their other friends to sell it too.  We do have a class of upper middle and up that are extremely classist and because of that are racist.  We also just have a ton of racists that have been bred generation to generation.  My fucking family has both.  The American suburb has by and large been afflicted by the first. Economic segregation caused a divide to allow that thought to grow.  School systems were then segregated for several generations and ignorance to others not white and not well-off bred unaware racists.  They don't believe they are and that is the middle to upper middle class fox news wheel house.  That is who vote R because they believe they pulled themselves up by their bootstraps, not the advantage they already had of living in the suburbs in initially well funded schools with zero college debt when they were done. .They go to church, give their weekly tithe to a God who has been good them and don't know anything other than white suburban privilege they're ENTIRE lives.   They're view is literally one cul-de-sac to the next.  They are just smart enough to be ahead based on their parents white privilege and success but just ignorant enough to not know why they became racist and classist.   Fox and Breitbart prime viewership. They then vote down tax increases for education and to help others in need because why give away money. That's why so many suburban schools are now broke or needing vouchers to subsidize the revenue because their base voted down education. And because they never needed help in the suburbs financially, they literally can't fathom anything other than the safety of their lives so everyone else is just lazy.  This class and these ignorant racists are the bulk of the elite's sheep. They are bought and paid for by fear and loathing created by the ultra wealthy preying on their daily routines of their media, the corporations they work at and and God.  It's fucking terrifying because they are the ones who keep the powerful in power without realizing it. You have the racists who were born into it and they are still fighting the civil war for their grandparents grandparents. Your alt right.   The again rising tide.  Obviously the wealthy.  The deVos', the Trump's, Kochs, Murdoch's etc.  They understand the importance of divide and conquer.  Wealth undistribution is easiest maintained if you can divide the classes, use God as leverage and buy the narrative the flock hears in their media and education.  Some is based in racism but most is based in pure greed and disdain for those with less.  They control the cul-de-sac education and narrative, they control the church because the mega church is in the upper crust and they control the media. It's quite brilliant and disgusting all at once. We are in the middle of one the biggest class warfare's in post king-serf times.   
I seem to remember something about the NSA being released by some Snowman guy. I loved Obama, but just sayin. 0 scandals is a stretch.
Not a scandal, but you realize this guy signed the Patriot Act, don't you?
He had a fucking US citizen extrajudicially executed with a drone strike, what are you smoking?
Fast and Furious>As a result of a dispute over the release of Justice Department documents related to the scandal, Attorney General Eric Holder became the first sitting member of the Cabinet of the United States to be held in contempt of Congress on June 28, 2012.[19][20] Earlier that month, President Barack Obama had invoked executive privilege for the first time in his presidency over the same documents.
Obama was by no means this effervescent angel descending from heaven.   Great job, OP.
The drone strikes? Just because the scandals weren't even close to the same level as the ones now doesn't mean they didn't happen
FAKE NEWS.There were the Dijon mustard, tan suit, and being black scandals.
Let's just look at some numbers for executive branch members under the past few administrations.Obama (D) - 8 yrs in office. Zero criminal indictments, zero convictions and zero prison sentences. Amazing!Bush, George W. (R) - 8 yrs in office. 16 criminal indictments. 16 convictions. 9 prison sentences. Yikes.Clinton (D) - 8 yrs in office. 2 criminal indictments. One conviction. One prison sentence. That's right nearly 8 yrs of investigations. Tens of millions spent and 30 yrs of claiming they were the most corrupt ever and there was exactly one person convicted of a crime. Clinton clearly lied under oath, was impeached, but not in the Senate and not removed from office.Bush, George H. W. (R) - 4 yrs in office. One indictment. One conviction. One prison sentence. Pretty good for a Republican, one term wasn't enough time to do real damage. Remember this in a couple years, please.Reagan (R) - 8 yrs in office. 26 criminal indictments. 16 convictions. 8 prison sentences.Carter (D) - 4 yrs in office. One indictment. Zero convictions and zero prison sentences.Ford (R) - 4 yrs in office. One indictment and one conviction. One prison sentence.Nixon (R) - 6 yrs in office. 76 criminal indictments. 55 convictions. 15 prison sentences. Impeachment initiated in the house but resigned.Johnson (D) - 5 yrs in office. Zero indictments. Zero convictions. Zero prison sentences.If you were keeping score, Democrats in 20 years...3 criminal indictments, 1 conviction, 1 prison sentenceRepublicans in 28 years...120 criminal indictments, 89 convictions, 34 prison sentences.So whenever I hear people whining about how corrupt the Democrats are compared to their holier-than-thou Republican party, it drives me a little more insane.https://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/1/11/1619079/-Comparing-Presidential-Administrations-by-Arrests-and-Convictions-A-Warning-for-Trump-Appointees
He did have scandals, but like at very most every few months to a year. He wasn't the constant weekly scandal train of death were on now 
After reading a bit of the arguments here, I feel compelled to point out that in comparison to the continually deluge of corrupt shit coming from trump and his cronies, President Obama was a Saint.  This is like comparing a shoplifter to John Wayne Gacy.  
Let's not forget about the mustard incident.... 
I would concede that one, too. I would concede:- the VA- Drone strikes- the NDAA detainment- NSA wiretapping- Libya. That should have been all on the EU.
I don't think that was a scandal at all. I guess it depends on how we define scandal though.No personal scandals though, no misdeeds by the president or the White House that I know of
I don't think OP is smoking, I think he's getting paid
That U.S. citizen was plotting to kill other US and Yemeni citizens. Good. 
Wasn't this just a botched operation though?  Scandal implies nefarious, DOJ just fucked this one up royally.  Or if selling arms is always a scandal then every single President is guilty to some degree.
Uh, how is that  a scandal? A partisan House found Holder in contempt. After all those investigations what did they find?? Jackshit. 
He is dropping the hottest mix tape this holiday season!
Drone strikes I would concede on. 
**ATF gunwalking scandal**"Gunwalking", or "letting guns walk", was a tactic of the Arizona Field Office of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), which ran a series of sting operations between 2006 and 2011 in the Tucson and Phoenix area where the ATF "purposely allowed licensed firearms dealers to sell weapons to illegal straw buyers, hoping to track the guns to Mexican drug cartel leaders and arrest them". These operations were done under the umbrella of Project Gunrunner, a project intended to stem the flow of firearms into Mexico by interdicting straw purchasers and gun traffickers within the United States. The Jacob Chambers Case began in October 2009 and eventually became known in February 2010 as "Operation Fast and Furious" after agents discovered Chambers and the other suspects under investigation belonged to a car club.The stated goal of allowing these purchases was to continue to track the firearms as they were transferred to higher-level traffickers and key figures in Mexican cartels, with the expectation that this would lead to their arrests and the dismantling of the cartels.***^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/democrats/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.26
Neither are scandals. Obama was exonerated in each. It wasn't even proven the IRS did anything illegal. 
You could count it as being a scandal in that people made it into a scandal. I mean, it was shitty that it happened. People dying is never okay.   As for it actually being a scandal, since there was never any actual wrongdoing found and a lot of it ended up being nothing more than a bit of political dick measuring I wouldn't count it as such. 
I prefer to tally up the indictments, convictions and prison sentences for a more useful number, which is what the meme is referring to. There were zero by members of the Obama administration.Democrat administrations in 20 years...3 criminal indictments, 1 conviction, 1 prison sentenceRepublican administrations in 28 years...120 criminal indictments, 89 convictions, 34 prison sentences.When will people ever learn?
- whines on a Dem sub about what a scandal is- documented Trumpkin - irony is overwhelming 
Don't forget the fake birth certificate 
Wow. That's amazing. Thank you for sharing.  
Well, I mean GWB did have some really bad WTF moments.  Mission Accomplished  Reading to children while the world trade center was falling  Going to war with Iraq.   The biggest gaffs I can come up with for Obama is "if you like your doctor you can keep them".  Outside of there was Dijon Mustard-gate and that one time he wore a tan suit which were real nothingburgers.
That's *kind* of Vega's original point, but he's kind of taken the piss out of it in this thread.
^ this guy/gal understands the point of the OP. 
None of that happened except some staffers resigning over bias. Don't say "we" when you are spouting such garbage.
Also gun running to cartels/ fast and furious
>Bombing a Nobel peace prize winner.> 0 scandals.Pick one.
ok so not anywhere near zero. great post
Can't forget about the IRS targeting republican groups too. 
Giving all that cash to Iran
That libya one really gripes me after watching  the 'hypernormalization' documentary
Race to the Top is a big issue in education as well. Largely inneffective with many seeing it as coersion for half-baked reform policies with cash-strapped states after the economic crisis. Also, it started the slippery slope for terrible privatization policies being amped up by the Trump admin.
> That should have been all on the EU.Especially after France was dropping bombs there unilaterally without the consent or consultation of the rest of NATO.Edit: swypos
Hey I think my neighbor is plotting something, can I go shoot him in the face?
Scandal doesn't have to be malicious.  Ineptitude, mistakes, and even practical non-events can become "scandalous" if the public brings enough derisive awareness to an issue.
If trump was allowing guns you be sold to Mexican cartels and then losing track of them, you'd probably call it a scandal. Obama was an excellent president, but mistakes were made. 
And Nixon resigned before he was convicted of anything. Does that make him scandal free?Scandal doesnt mean convicted of a crime.
0 scandals**except maybe one that I know of right now and quite possibly a lot more may be applicable when I learn how to read.
Background Level of DOOM.  Our allies spy on us too.  Nothing new.  Not even  2 millidooms on the DOOM-O-Meter
.. because CNN said it was?https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.cnn.com/cnn/2016/06/28/politics/benghazi-scandal-report-hillary-clinton/index.html
Damn how much they payin' you for shillin m8. Doing it like your life depended on it
I'm a true birther!  I don't believe that Barack Obama *was ever actually born* and therefore all birth certificates must be fake!  Suck on that, liberals!
Funny that the defaults largest "scandal" of the Obama presidency was actually still jut Donald Trump being an old racist 
I'm ok with Bush reading to the kids. It's not like he was reading all day after that. The Bush administration DID however underprepare for Hurricane Katrina and they also claimed Iraq had WMDs.And Obama also had a few hiccups. He wouldn't be the devil to the Republican base if he hadn't. He pushed ALOT through during his first year in office, pissing off Republicans. He stated 'red lines' with Syria and .... Other stuff I'm sure? I don't know. I'm a Democrat.EDIT. Benghazi?
The "librul media" is ganging up on Trump because he legitimately does really stupid stuff. 
I kind of do too, Vega.  Seriously man, [mellow out.](https://youtu.be/VJW67QN24SA?t=4) You're makin' us look bad.
Didn't happen. House investigation came up con nada. 
- GOP House investigation came up with jack squat. 
No proof that was even intentional, let alone Obama had anything to do with it. We all know Tea Party orgs were cheating by claiming to be non-political. 
Seems like it saved lives in the long run and was not a secret. 
Are you a police officer? If someone is plotting to kill someone I would say stop them: 
Obama never allowed that. He allowed tracking of them. No proof he knew anything about the untracking. Orange boy admits obstructing justice on national television. 
Bullshit lie. Prove your accusation. Bet you can't.  
So you are vouching for CNN as being accurate?
No they didn't.They resigned because they showed preference to the actual Democrat in the primaries. Which is wrong and they took responsibility. 
TBF didn't Obama claim executive privilege?
His AG lied and was held in contempt
Trump is the president sunshine, and I don't think you want the standard for propriety to be "the president didn't know about it."
If that's the case, it seems irresponsible to not know that the tracking was failing and it was resulting in people dying. Keep trying dude, but no president is flawless. 
Boy, you just got fucking body slammed.
The gun thing occurring under his watch is unquestionably immoral. His ignorance is no defense as commander in chief.
Not necessarily. However, CNN does have a tendency to publish articles that are, more less, favored towards liberal view points. Which I have no problem with.So when I see an article that criticizes the party they favor, I am more inclined to hear what they say.It would be like Fox giving Republicans criticism over something they would do. I would listen to that.What news source would you consider to be accurate? Who do you follow?
I'm no fan of Dubya, but I can really understand what happened to him there.  He gets the news and he's in a room full of children and he doesn't want to panic and he needs to think of something, and he probably has to wait for a team to get together.  I think he was just taking a breath before finally doing something.  He was probably prepared to take it easy with the largest economic stimulus in decades and big fat profits for military expenditures.  It was s'posed to be a softball.  He probably needed to adjust and get psyched up to perform as well as govern.  It's a tough fuckin' job, regardless of party affiliation, and while the whole aftermath is a goddamn mess, I would be lying if I said ole Dubya didn't love his country.  
I still don't understand this. He was reading a picture book to a bunch of kids. There are 100's of people below him who can give orders. The 5 min he spent reading the book was time that everyone is saying wtf is happening and gathering intel. It's not like when the first tower was hit we knew it was terrorist and there'd be 3 more planes followed by the towers collapsing. He was remaining calm in front of a bunch of kids. He acted appropriately in that 5 min I would say. 
On a ton of stuff not related to F&F. 
Nope. It was a scandal on the arizona state level. 
But it seems Cheeto van Urine is a micro manager and personally obstructed justice and then admitted it on national television. You do realize that right?
Hard to pin a scandal on someone who didn't know about it.The point of this post isn't that the government was perfect under Obama, just that he personally wasn't involved in anything even remotely scandalous, which is a bit of a change from our other modern presidents
He did that, too. He said it would cost American loves to bring Al Alwaki in. So would you have sacrificed people to bring one terrorist to trial? 
**ATF gunwalking scandal**"Gunwalking", or "letting guns walk", was a tactic of the Arizona Field Office of the United States Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives (ATF), which ran a series of sting operations between 2006 and 2011 in the Tucson and Phoenix area where the ATF "purposely allowed licensed firearms dealers to sell weapons to illegal straw buyers, hoping to track the guns to Mexican drug cartel leaders and arrest them". These operations were done under the umbrella of Project Gunrunner, a project intended to stem the flow of firearms into Mexico by interdicting straw purchasers and gun traffickers within the United States. The Jacob Chambers Case began in October 2009 and eventually became known in February 2010 as "Operation Fast and Furious" after agents discovered Chambers and the other suspects under investigation belonged to a car club.The stated goal of allowing these purchases was to continue to track the firearms as they were transferred to higher-level traffickers and key figures in Mexican cartels, with the expectation that this would lead to their arrests and the dismantling of the cartels.***^[ [^PM](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=kittens_from_space) ^| [^Exclude ^me](https://reddit.com/message/compose?to=WikiTextBot&message=Excludeme&subject=Excludeme) ^| [^Exclude ^from ^subreddit](https://np.reddit.com/r/democrats/about/banned) ^| [^FAQ ^/ ^Information](https://np.reddit.com/r/WikiTextBot/wiki/index) ^| [^Source](https://github.com/kittenswolf/WikiTextBot)   ^]^Downvote ^to ^remove ^| ^v0.26
No proof in there that his admin condoned or covered it up.Why are you lying?
That's all bullshit. It was proven Nixon broke the law and obstructed justice to cover it up. Go read a history book and stop making such absurd assertions with no supporting proof. 
I would consider multiple sources that corroborate facts.Facts are Benghazi was not a scandal. It was a tragedy and possibly mistake in hindsight. But not scandal. 
He also had mustard that one time, and everyone knows mustard is the devil's invention.
State level? So why did Eric Holder resign again? 
Right, hold them responsible, hold Obama accountable. That's why you put people in charge.
That he was not culpable. His department, his problem.
The *botching* is the scandal, but not on the level of scandalous we see these days, or have prior.  It was a scandal in that it was a minor kerfuffle, and that's about as bad as the administration got.  Also, I think u/lead_oxide2 was more interested in some of the sources you prefer to find your information from.  Even in aggregate.  Like, I love Raw Story and The Hill, but often need to check other papers to see how they feel on the same story.  Wall Street Journal and Washington Post are polar opposites, but if they both have the same take on something, I'm ore inclined to take the information shared in both as accurate.What do you like to weigh in order to come to conclusions, was the gist of the request, I think.  Ya sorta skirted that.
Eric Holder didn't resign due to F&F. Your timeline is way off. 
Thank you Mr\_Shickadance for voting on WikiTextBot.  This bot wants to find the best and worst bots on Reddit. [You can view results here](https://goodbot-badbot.herokuapp.com/).   ***  ^^Even ^^if ^^I ^^don't ^^reply ^^to ^^your ^^comment, ^^I'm ^^still ^^listening ^^for ^^votes. ^^Check ^^the ^^webpage ^^to ^^see ^^if ^^your ^^vote ^^registered!
That's not a cover-up nor does it show condoning anything. The House committee wanted every single correspondence between the AG and POTUS. And both of them said the GOP could duck their sick. That's not a cover-up. So do you have issues understanding or are you still lying???
All of the facts. And there were no facts that supported any bad intentional act during or after Benghazi. Even according to the GOP's 8 or 9 investigations. 
What exactly is your definition of "scandal"?
I'm not saying it's a giant conspiracy, but it *did* happen under Obama's watch, so it was his responsibility.
omg stop acting like a child and accusing him off lying over and over again. I love Obama and he's my hero (literally my number one political figure) but just responding with accusations that the other side is lying is no different than what Trump does
I'm not refuting that, I'm just pointing out that innocence doesn't preclude what a scandal is.  If they want it to be a scandal, and enough people keep mentioning it, it's a scandal.  True or not.
A scandal is improper behavior going all the way up. 
Wrong. That means his tan suit was an actual scandal. Facts dictate what a scandal is. The only scandal to me was the VA. 
The president admitting something was wrong and bad and that they would "get to the bottom of it and hold those responsible accountable" is the very definition of taking responsibility for the actions of his government, and moving on past the scandal.  That's the whole reason he said that.  That's what defines a scandal.  A large enough news story of negative influence related to the administration.>"Inconceivable!">>"I do not think that word means what you think it means."
Man your attitude is why Trump won, grow up
Then your OP is against your own brain?  You aren't helpin' your cause here.
Well "facts" are actually are hard thing to come by, and probably way rarer than you think. That or you're just moving goalposts at your leisure, which is disingenuous.By your definition, Richard Nixon narrowly avoided scandal at Watergate. Congress's trial never adjudicated the truth due to his resignation, and Ford's pardon prevented facts from being determined at trial. Donald Trump is also currently scandal free. There have been numerous (well-founded) accusations, but an investigation hasn't even determined what they want to present as the facts, yet. The point is, Obama was a good president without grand pronouncements like this being necessary.  All you do by claiming "no scandals" is flash back the informed reader to all of the many incidents in his presidency.  All presidencies can be described as a series of disasters on a spectrum between real and imagined, lol.  Without drawing a line between the two, you highlight all of them.
I voted for Obama twice, and have never voted for a Republican in my life, but dude, that was a scandal and it was poorly handled by the Obama administration. Don't be like the trumpets.
And other Dems like you.  Yeah.  This is the face of the party to hardline conservatives, and you're helping them paint an ugly picture of moderates and liberals.
This is the division that's destroying us, man.  No more salt in the wounds.  I know we need to be tough, but that means inviting them to come in for a look at our side too.  We can't proceed in a vacuum, severed from the ideological concerns of half the country.
> Provable. However, technically, not yet *proven*. That distinction being the difference between "fact" and not.>Nixon was pardoned and therefore admitted guilt.Nixon didn't ask to be pardoned, if anyone Ford admitted he suspected Nixon guilt.Obama exercised executive privilege, which by that logic is an even more direct admission of guilt.  
No, it's all your fault YOU are like THIS.
Did you cry this hard when Hillary lost?
See, that's approaching this from a dutch angle.  You can't shame someone into buying into your ideals.  That's counterproductive.  Most people will immediately defend themselves based on character, not even position.  Invitation to dialogue often begins with trying to understand *why* people think the way they do.  Attacking someone's position from the start is a great way to just get into a fight.
That's not what a pardon means. In fact, most pardons are granted by governers when the the facts show that somebody was wrongfully convicted and the appeals process is taking too long. If you don't believe it, I'm just going to recommend you use Google for this one. Seems like a lot of the misconceptions you keep spouting could be cleared up by doing a little research on your own, instead of demanding strangers provide you with sources to common knowledge that you *should* already know.       
I'm fine, it's you I'm concerned for.
Google is your friend.https://mobile.nytimes.com/2000/10/03/us/virginia-man-is-pardoned-in-a-murder-dna-is-cited.html Also, you can't be pardoned in civil litigation, you obviously don't have a fucking clue what you're talking about. The president can only pardon people for crimes against the federal government, *never* civil offenses. WTF dude. Why do you lie so much?  
I dont want your used tissues from the night your world was shattered by a meme becoming president.
That's not what exonerated means. Nobody exonerates you, facts exonerate you and then a person or group of people Grant you a legal "pardon." In a sense, your lawyer or a group of people presenting an argument to the public can exonerate you. He was *pardoned* by the governor, as was everybody else in similar circumstances. You can read it right there in the text so it's senseless tying to argue that fact.You're just blatantly trying to make up definitions on the fly because you've backed yourself into a terrible corner. I'll ask you again to explain to me what you were talking about regarding civil litigations. At this point I suggest you just go troll somebody else, you're officially done in this comment string and I won't be responding to any more of your nonsense.
I wouldn't have a problem with Trump dodging the draft because the draft was fucking stupid and the war in Vietnam was bullshit, but he is such a prick about it and he says that he feels like he was in the military because he went to a military prep school, he disrespected John McCain's record as a war hero, he said he knew more about ISIS than the generals. He acts like he *did* serve in the military even though he didn't.And as for that cop, I have just a little bit of sympathy for him. He should have gone in and tried to save those students at the risk of his own life, that's the job. At the same time, though, he didn't want to die. As a cop in a school I don't think you ever expect to have to get into a firefight with a guy armed with a semiautomatic rifle, and if you aren't prepared for that it's hard to say what you'll do when the time comes. If people want to call him a coward it's cool, I don't think that's inaccurate, but they should also call every cop who shoots an unarmed man a coward too instead of defending them and pretending every cop is a hero, because they're trying to do the same thing: save their own asses instead of doing the very dangerous job they signed up to do.
How did you expect him to run with his bone spurs? hahaha
That deputy is still a coward.
tbh this is one thing that I can say I agree with him on. You sign up to be a cop your job may occasionally require you to rick your life to protect and serve, Sooooooo FUCK that guy for sitting around while unarmed children died 
This is retarded.  A fuck-ton of people fought very hard to avoid that draft because they didn't want to die in a war no one supported for a cause no one believed in. I'm sure Trump would have fought just as hard to avoid any other war, but still.  On the other hand, you have a cop who is only really at the school to ensure general safety. We're expected to revere cops because they "protect your lives with theirs." He's not legally obligated to do a damn thing, but he absolutely had a moral obligation to do more than nothing.
Uh...aren't we supposed to want police to, y'know, involve themselves in shooting situations?This is like when Joe Lozito was forced to stop Maxim Gelman's killing spree because the cops just...wouldn't.
Sound of an AR15?  No.  The sound of gunshots.  You don't need to weigh down your statement more with the notion of a weapon boogeyman, Lawrence.Also, what-in-the-fuck does this partisan, straw man bickering have to do with anything?  Bill Clinton and Joe Biden received deferments too.  Are they also cowards in this context?The cop in question was trained, equipped, and already took an oath to protect and serve.  He signed up for this willingly.  So, while it may be bad form and indecent to point fingers while using him as a scapegoat in our latest school massacre witch burning sideshow, this guy is still a coward for neglecting his duty.
Why do we have to call Trump out on every single thing? I hate him as much as the next guy, but this is getting annoying. The cop is a coward, he deserves to be called one. A military draft shouldn't exist, I would've tried to get out of it too. Edit: I love how whenever the comment section doesn't agree with the point of view of the mods they just lock it, lol. 
Those bitch ass sheriff's deserve fucking jail time. Negligence, dereliction of duty, etc. Aaaand fuck trumps bitch ass too. 
you guys are pathetic .he was a sworn officer with a weapon that could have killed any human on the planet. coward coward coward.
Fighting to kill people in their own country for no benefit to America vs fighting to defend children from being slaughtered.Not comparable at all.
A soldier running from battle is a bit different than a student not wanting to sign up as a soldier. Does Mr O'Donelll say anything about Bill Clinton or his many peers and contemporaries who fled to Canada during Vietnam or otherwise "copped out"?(silence)
so the war in vietnam was justified and the right thing to do?
The Republican Party has been doing this for the last twenty years. People are too dumb to notice.
I feel like a new counterculture movement will happen in the 2020s with young millenials and old Gen Z, since history feels like it's repeating itself
Yeah, but it does prove the point that a good guy with a gun isn't the answer to a bad guy with a gun. 
But Trump isnt the one to tell him
Yeah, considering cops constantly get away with literal murder because they "put their lives on the line everyday", this is inexcusable. The entire point of a cop at a school is for this kind of threat, not to harass schoolchildren.
Don't condemn them for being a draft dodger; condemn them for being a draft dodger that calls the brave cowards.
That cop ran in terror while teenage boys gave their lives to protect students.  That cop should turn in his badge in shame. 
Exactly, what kind of free country has a fucking draft for something like Vietnam? Do we call Mohammad Ali a coward? Some probably do, most celebrate him as a legend. 
He dodged the draft and now pretends he is a military man. Wants tanks and a show of force for his parades. Wears uniforms he never earned.Him skirting the draft isn't what makes him a loser, it's the rest of it. 
Muhammad Ali dodging the draft for the reasons he did are honourable and make sense. He also was very open about avoiding the draftTrumps only reason was fear. He still claims it's only because his bone spurs and that he wanted to go. He claims to love war and knows more about it than anyone else. He wants to start wars that would cost the lives of many solidersSo no mocking his draft dodging is not support of a draft. 
The thing for me is Bill Clinton did it as an act of civil disobedience, he knew he might get punished by the law for it. Trump just got a nice medical deferment and didn't have to consider any consequences.
we have no qualms with a student not wanting to sign up as a soldier, what we do have a problem with is when that same student calls other heroes cowards for not risking their own life when he certainly won't do the same.
Trump actively dodged the draft with "bone spur" spurious deferments. Obama did not.
Millenials have been voting for about a decade now afaik. You must mean Gen-Z
Right but then you shouldn't turn around and mock a war hero like McCain for getting captured or attack the family of a dead hero soldier. The point is Trump is an asshole hypocrite not that he didnt go to war by itself.
I would say its more because they are more self-involved. People aren't really that stupid. They just don't give a shit and think people should accommodate them.
Just remember the Internet does not provide knowledge to people, it can give them information, but it can just as easily give them misinformation.
If anything this proves you can't rely on government to protect you. 
It might have been if this deputy were not a coward.What is the point of police in schools? Just to harrass the students?
*semiautomatic gun. Pistols as well as the ar15 are semiautomatic. Calling it single fire makes it sound like a musket.
if I signed up to be a police officer yes I would because THATS THE FUCKING JOB. Just like when a nurse goes into a room and gets pucked and shat on by somebody with god knows what disease BECASUE THAT'S THE FUCKING JOB!!! if you don't want to deal with work hazards then don't TAKE UP A HAZARDOUS JOB. as the rappers say if you're scared go to church.  
Right back at you child. I mean seriously he was a police office armed and trained and paid to occasionally put his life on the line to protect citizens and when the time came he didn't do anything and over 10 kids died but yeah I'm nto thinking critically for expecting him to uphold the oath the took when he was given a gun and a badge by the local government to specifically protect the school from harm that he abandoned. I have several member of the police force and armed forces in my family and they went to and go to work every day wit the understanding that their duty doesn't end at the first sign of major inconvenience. Idiots like you are like mill stones tied around the democratic parties neck . I guess the only time we expect the police to actually use their weapons is when an unarmed black person is on the other side of it 
But the officer was not brave. He didn't do his duty, he didn't even enter the school. 
And insults PoWs and says those who died in service "knew what they signed up for".
Okay but the officer wasn't brave in this case.  He literally did not go in nor do anything to save those kids.
He did. I think I heard in the radio yesterday that he resigned. 
Plus Bill Clinton isn't calling others cowards
I ave no idea whether Trump id or did not actually have a medical condition. Civil disobedience gets Clinton fof the hook? lol. How convenient. Clinton did not suffer any inconvenience either.
Someone who chooses to be employed as a cop or security guard has been hired for that duty because they agree to that duty and the potential they may need to put themselves into the line of fire. If he couldn't deal with the job, he should have never taken it in the first place.  downvote in 3 2 1 because the truth doesn't conform to your current political assassination. You are transparent.
Which also speaks to the effectiveness of propaganda bullshit, given how many people loathed her for no good reason.
Yeah. And police spend hundreds of hours training to deal with these situations, and their lizard brain can *still* overpower their conscious intentions. And we expect untrained teachers and civilians to be more effective? 
A good guy with a gun who is morally good to the core can still choke or freeze up or even be a coward. 
In this case yeah Trump is right about the guy being a coward. But think back to "John McCain isn't a war hero. I don't like people who were captured."
This isn't an isolated case, look at what he said about McCain. He has shown over and over and over that he is a coward and a bully.
Know what for a fact? Trump actively claims his bone spur story. And Obama didn't dodge the draft because he was 13 when the war ended.
I know this for a fact, yes. Enough with the false equivalencies, please. Trump is an idiot who has sold his soul to the Russians and cares not one whit for any American other than his own family.
No, we expect *police* to be more effective.
i am not in favor of arming teachers 
yawn yeah I'm sure he was calling for backup and that's why his superiors where investigating his inaction before he decided to go in an cash n his pension. but I guess it's easy to feel smart from your armchair 
He was a florida police officer not a rent-a-cop his duty is blindingly obvious.
He was an armed guard at a school, his duty was not arguable
Good old Republican, still trying to shine a turd.  And how about the McCain comment
Pretty much everyone.  He knew what his job was and in the incredibly rare instance where he was to perform his highest duty he failed purposely.  It wasn't as if we plucked some random guy off the street, put a uniform and gun on him and said just walk around this school for twenty years and should there be an attack just do what feels right.He applied for the job, trained for the job, and then failed to do it.   I don't wish him harm or need to know his name but the shame should haunt him.
According to the First Amendment, everyone.Is Trump a hypocrite here?  Absolutely.  But that's very different from not having a right. Trump does and says plenty of awful, stupid shit.  We don't need to exaggerate in order to show it.
I can't argue with your concluding remark. It 100% valid. We can't know how we will act.but I will simply fall back on this. He chose the job. He wasn't drafted, he wasn't just a passer by. His job was to protect those children..
Then why suggest arming teachers and staff?
that is literally the opposite of what actually happened
The point is hipocrisy. Trump is calling a man a coward for being unable or unwilling to run towards gunfire, while Trump himself is famous for having avoided serving.A coward shouldn't point fingers at others, basically. 
Muhammad Ali was a conscientious objector who served time, gave up a title at the peak of his career for his religious beliefs. That took incredible courage. Do not compare that in any way shape or form to what Trump did. Also Ali had great grace about it, he made the decision for himself based on his own moral code, he did not condemn others for their decision. Do you see the hypocrisy?
There's nothing wrong with that. Benefits are for service rendered over the course of the job, not to be lost for one instance of fear. He probably, rightfully has a lot of guilt and the only real action he can take is to leave the career.
He was a cop for 30 years...the fact that he didnt face an AR15 proves the point a teacher trained for 3 days never would either...the US has gone to crazy town.
Because apparently 4 police officers were unwilling to enter the building and stop Cruz. Exactly why you can't rely on the government to protect you. 
I don't blame him for not wanting to be drafted, as it was unjust. But when you sign up to be an officer you are expected to put your life on the line. Huge difference
I'm supposed to defend something I find indefensible?  How about I choose to comment on what I choose to comment on?No matter you're response how would that change anything about how the armed deputy acted cowardly?
The president with many politicians, pundents, and citizens agreeing with him.
And an untrained civilian is guaranteed to respond more effectively? Delusional. 
Stop saying his name. Let him die his final death and be forgotten.
sorry this is the bash trump threadthe reasonable points thread is somewhere else
I'm begining to think you aren't patrick swayze
More effective than the trained officer that was there and did nothing?
Friends, this is the clearest, best chance of our lifetimes to firmly seize the moral high ground. We need to be out canvassing, protesting, waving the flag, talking about American values, character, openness, free speech, civil liberties, and apple pie. The contrast with the boasting, authoritarian, groper-in-chief will speak for itselfIndependents are already turning on him in the polls, with all the mishaps and Russian connections. We just need to keep pushing.  Edit: fixed "seize"
The free press destroyed itself.It stopped investigating. It stopped asking tough questions. It stopped doing its job.Fox was conceptualized as a propaganda wing of the Republican Party. It was and is. CNN and MSN had to compete with the 24 hour news cycle model, and have since devolved into propaganda wings of the democratic party.Both sides can point out hypocrisy by the other networks. But they're both pushing a bias and fake news bullshit.I don't  fault Obama and left wing pundits making fun of FOX and pointing out how full of shit they are. And we can't fault Trump for pointing out the same crap by all these networks.It's all crap. It's all propaganda. The free press committed suicide a decade ago. Turn it off. Get your news somewhere else and quit letting yourself be lied to. Spare me the faux indignation.
as an outsider, not from the us, just let me tell you one thing.trump is not the cause of the collapse of your press, he is the result of the collapse
Can someone explain to me how when bernie sanders rails against the corporate media and calls it a threat to democracy he's totally spot on, but when trump does it he's a fascist trying to destroy the "free" press? Suddenly Corporate media outlets are "free press" and not propaganda machines? That's not what I heard throughout most of the primary. 
It's not free press. It's paid for press. By corporations and billionaires. How do you not get that?
He is not trying to destroy Free Press. He has made no action to suppress free speech. Yes he hates mainstream media but the two do not equate. Stop fear-mongering please
The media used to report on news, now they just clickbait like buzzfeed.
We remember what the independent press was like during the election. We welcome bloodletting throughout the media.
"Free press" owned by only 6 huge corporations, it was trash long before Trump took office, I'm thankful someone in power is finally saying something about it.
Nah, the press are destroying themselves. Even I can admit that. Now if the press get back on track and Trump keeps it up then we'll have a problem.
Isn't he rather specifically saying that he isn't out to get them as much as legacy media is inching dangerously close to an information monopoly?edit: plz stop downvoting, would actually like to discuss this :)
\>free press\>these 5  propaganda outlets
Someone must call them out on it. They won't get away with their lies for much longer.
To be fair those are pretty left leaning news outlets. They've also been caught editing news to fill their narratives.
How can it be free press when they've chosen a political side instead of being objective.
Its over Trump, I have the high ground.
He cannot destroy free press. Journalism is one of the only profesions that is protected by the constitution. A distinction needs to be made clear though, editorialized news is biased news. The FCC ruled back in the 70's that news outlets are allowed to editorialize the news they report. Meaning they are allowed to put a slant on how the news is presented. This was determined to be a right under the freedom of the press. I feel you may be trying to put pressure on the wrong side here. The pressure needs to be put on the news companies to raise their standards by providing high quality, fact checked news. My intentions are not misplaced, it is the news outlets responsibility to do this, not the Americans people's responsibility to convince others.
Yeah Trump is being petty. But let's not pretend Democrats didn't intimidate journalists and threaten whistleblowers. Remember what they did after Snowden? And then also this: https://www.washingtonpost.com/local/justice-departments-scrutiny-of-fox-news-reporter-james-rosen-in-leak-case-draws-fire/2013/05/20/c6289eba-c162-11e2-8bd8-2788030e6b44_story.html?utm_term=.72fb0eab91c4Neither of the main two parties have any shot at the moral high ground.
"We must take the moral high ground and defend the mainstream media."-Democrats
LOL, the Democratic party does not have the moral high ground.They were hellbent on keeping Bernie out, and they are in fact far more comfortable with Trump in the WH than with Bernie or any other true leftist. Now they can talk nonsense about having the moral high ground, and... oh, nevermind.Just, nope. The Dems do not have the moral high ground. At all.
When they go low, we go high. In spite of everything, I still believe this.
It's really ironic that democrats on reddit blamed the media for the eventual fall of Bernie but now that Trump is saying the same thing, it's no longer true?Maybe let's get real here and accept that the media in this country is a fucking mess with huge biases and clear agendas beyond the ridiculous profit chasing, low effort, clickbait "journalism". Trump is an idiot, he might not even have the right intentions but he is right. No fucking way will I defend the media.
FYI, the paper that had the story on Pewdiepie is owned by the same guy who owns Fox News, Rupert Murdoch.So that has nothing to do with any of the ones Trump listed, at all.
Really? Because the only mediums where I've seen the sentence "Pewdiepie is a nazi" is Tumblr, and Reddit circlejerking about how fucking oppressed poor Pewdiepie is. The summary of that whole saga should be Sometimes,  Actions Have Consequences. He released shit jokes with racist connotations, and media reported on it. His sponsors didn't like that. End of story. 
You can't put all your trust into one news source
 Don't get me wrong, I think OP's post is silly, but the liberal press absolutely served as a propaganda arm of Clinton's campaign during the primary. Trump's tweets, on the other hand, are outlandish because there's no substance to his accusations; that is, the media isn't attempting to mislead anyone by reporting on Trump's words and actions. 
If you just read titles and only watch TV news I could see how you could think that.  Reading the news is immensely important.
You should read other news sources, I have an RSS feed setup and I'm plenty happy with the Grey Lady, NPR, The Economist, Washington Post, etc.The internet has ushered in a new age of information. If all you see is clickbait, that's on you.
[deleted]   ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^0.2237  > [What is this?](https://pastebin.com/64GuVi2F/16875)
Yes you're right. He is railing against corporate media. This is not free press. 
We are further from an information monopoly than we have been at any point since the advent of broadcast television. There is an enormous fragmentation of media, on the internet but also on cable and television. An important feature of today's political landscape is everyone's ability to curate what sources happen to be in their media bubble. I doubt very few people read only these sources and not also various blogs, FB groups, and subreddits that reinforce their ideological beliefs. Trump is not trying to break up an information monopoly, nor is he attacking his harshest critics (far left wing sites like Daily Kos are much harsher to him than the sources he lists here) he is trying to destroy the only media mainstream enough that it is consumed by people regardless of what bubble they are in. 
Don't forget the DNC colluding with the Trump named news sources to actually elevate Trump so he'd be the nominee.Free Press did this to themselves and are trying to blame Trump retroactively for them not doing their job. 
Do you think that journalists don't speak to insiders on every campaign and each party? Do you think every single working journalist ignores the GOP for stories? 
The Democratic party is at its weakest point in 75 years. We need to fix the party first before going after Trump. We have the moral high ground but our political ground is shaky at best.
I'm not a big supporter of modern Dems but it's obvious who the lesser of two evils is in 2017. 
Well, at least you've chosen a very important platform in "millionaire's right to joke about the holocaust without criticism" 
Quick question, do you think the Bowling Green Massacre really happened? Do you believe there was an "incident" last night in Sweden? Do you believe three million people voted illegally in the election?The Trump administration is literally making things up to push their agenda, and at the same time they're calling any media that disagrees with them "fake news". You need to understand how dangerous that is. Trump and his team are the ones spreading lies, the fact that they've convinced people to distrust the media is just making their lies easier to sell.
I don't think burning shit, breaking windows at businesses who supported the democratic nominee, beating people up and organizing a riot to protest someone's right to free speech is anyone's definition of going high. It did sound real nice when she said it though. 
Why do you think you can't protest with the moral high ground?
American democracy is fucked because a democracy needs an informed electorate.  You can't have that when the media's sole responsibility is the share holders bottom line and when a narrative that was obviously false is some how shoe horned across multiple old media networks all it once, such as the piewdiepie case, one makes you wonder what else is complete a utter Bullshit. I despise trump as much any anyone else for his anti science and fuck the environment government but I also really hate off shoring our first world production to countries with no pollution control or worker rights, and I'm glad he nuked the TPP. The Democrats also have no moral high ground. Their arguments are turning to personal attacks and their loudest spokesman are accusing everyone of trump supporters as being racists and now nazis (instead of disadvantaged workers who were left behind after the 1970s due to people like Regan, and basically the shit Bernie talked about). Now the Democrats openly demonize white people  (you know the largest voting block) by saying they need to shut up and not have an opinion on important events, like how will that get you seats at any level of government.  Ohhh well, I'm a Canadian and you all laughed at my former mayor Rob Ford. Thanks for electing his spirit animal, just hope the shit won't swim up north too bad. 
>It's really ironic that democrats on reddit blamed the media for the eventual fall of Bernie but now that Trump is saying the same thing, it's no longer true?That is extreme false equivalency. Bernie talked about media bias, which is a serious problem. Trump claims every story he doesn't like is "fake news" even though he can't name a single thing in the supposedly fake story that is false. More importantly, Trump is claiming that the press is the enemy of the people, which is straight out of the Fascist dictator's playbook.
You are part of the problem. You jump to conclusions so easily and don't even bother to look for the full story. The wall street journal wrote an extremely bias story and took things completely out of context. Do some research, become informed.
I'd say you can't put your trust in any of them. Only through observation of all, with bias noted and accounted for, do you start to get a clear picture. Most Americans don't have the time or care for such a tasking daily ritual. 
NYT, WSJ, etc.They are just as guilty and directly refute that it's "just" cable news.Yes, it's cynical. But thinking otherwise after this election cycle coverage is just niave.
> Many reputable journals...Who would you recommend? Actually asking. 
Every publication is pushing an obvious agenda and almost all are bending the truth to some degree to fit that agenda and be it only through omission.
But for Obama to decry fox and Breitbart while promoting CNN and MSN there is reason to cry foul.Obama did the same exact thing and we didn't cry foul, but now suddenly it matters?
To be fair this EXACT WEEK they've done that to someone else on a high profile scale Look up "Pewdepie is a Nazi" one of the articles originally titled itself "Pewdepie was always kind of a racist but now he's a hero to the Alt Right" THEN changed it's title to "The fall of Pewdepie shows the limits of "lol jk"" Journalists don't need Trump to delegitimize them
The Economist is excellent. They're good about painting a clear picture, and if they take a stance on an issue, they explain why. NPR radio is good too, I listen to them on my commute.
Deserve the punishment? I'm all for shredding hack journalists but Trump is actively working to discredit anything and anyone who disagrees with his policies. He's not attacking fake news he's openly attacking anyone with a dissenting opinion. 
It's not about me. Freedom of the press is guaranteed by the Constitution. It is a check against the powerful. Where would we be if we couldn't get information about our leaders? It doesn't matter if they're perfect or not. We have the right to be informed. The press has the right to report. 
Not just CNN. Even the AP posted that false article the other day about the National Guard rounding up illegals. The media needs to verify or they are no better than tabloids.
What's your interpretation of what trump was actually trying to say?
I'm leftist af and I'm fairly confident some political factions *are* trying to cement an information monopoly, or certainly would if capable.I suspected as such *before* the dnc leaks, for what that's worth (+1 political hipster cred).
I'm quite simply [considering what trump said and why](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zSHtniUl8V4), and parading this particular tweet around reddit as evidence of fascism doesn't quite wash with that.
Maybe if they tried a little bit harder to be credible, it wouldn't be such a worry that they'll be discredited.  
That's like saying the US is doing fine you just have to compare them to Syria.
Trump is like sand; he's coarse and rough and irritating and his cancerous follows (or Russians) get everywhere.
A common enemy is the most tried and true way of coalescing a group in human history. We can do both at once.
Why remain stuck with that Democrat vs Republican model of politics? 
Your perception of an eternal high ground is what got you here in the first place. 
We can't control when the Black Bloc and opportunistic rioters show up at protests. When they do show up, there's not really a way to stop them without breaking the law yourself. We have to trust the police to do their jobs. Democrats do not invite them and they are in no way part of organizing by democrats.
Me: I've read the articles and no one called him a nazi he just made some shit fuckin jokesYou: READ THE ARTICLES DUMMY MY MILLIONAIRE FRIEND IS BEING LE OPPRESSED
Breitbart isn't remotely close to a news organization. Cable news is awful but Breitbart is simply ridiculous.
That's the WSJ that did that, not WaPo.
[This one?](https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-intersect/wp/2017/02/16/an-attack-by-the-media-pewdiepie-apologizes-for-nazi-jokes-but-says-the-press-is-out-to-get-him/) Title seems accurate to me.
> do you have a legitimate link to support your claimhttps://www.washingtonpost.com/news/the-fix/wp/2016/11/07/donna-brazile-is-totally-not-sorry-for-leaking-cnn-debate-questions-to-hillary-clinton/
"A false article"? If I'm not mistaken, those articles were in reference to the Baltimore Sun reporting on a leaked executive order they'd gotten their hands on. As long as CNN and AP noted that, I see absolutely no problem with what they did.
He's attacking any reputable news sources that report the news. The only news source that he's showed friendliness to are sites that traffic in white nationalism and conspiracy theory [1]. He also attacks the news when they report truthfully, saying "the leaks are real, the news is fake" [2]. This follows a long standing pattern of Trump attacking anything and anyone that he views as a threat to him, from judges to public servants to CEOs that have opinions of him.Why do believe your interpretation of Trump's words is true?Edit: Also, wow the Hacker News traditional citation format is now re-arraged into reddit style links. When did that happen?[1]: http://thehill.com/homenews/administration/313898-ap-breitbart-had-front-row-seat-at-trump-presser[2]: https://www.yahoo.com/news/trump-the-leaks-are-absolutely-real-the-news-is-fake-195441027.html
Get all your information directly from Trump. Don't trust independent sources.
It always blows up once the enemy is gone though. Any unity is going to be destroyed by the same specials interests as before.
Exactly this.  Neo-liberalism is basically the same crony capitalism as on the other side of the aisle.  If the Democratic party ever wants my vote again, their entire current ideology needs to change.  Period.  And I don't see it happening, because greed.  This country is dire need of a third party. 
As a non American, gimme a few seconds to fill my lungs.  ...  ...  Aaaah hahahahahahahahah hahahahahahahahah hahaha.  But seriously though: Simple solutions to complex problems always sound great, but almost never are.
Well he signed a bill that will poison our rivers with coal mine runoff, purposefully prevented green card holding immigrants from entering the country based on religious prejudices, chose a climate change denier to run the EPA, chose a neo-Nazi as his campaign manager and chief strategist, chose an entirely unqualified and hostile candidate to oversee our children's education after she donated a lot of money to his and many other republican campaigns, approved a military operation that went completely tits up and couldn't even be bothered to be in the situation room when it was happening, doesn't attend security briefings, spent tens of millions of dollars of taxpayer money to secure his family's skyscraper, used his position as president to increase membership costs at the country club he owns and golfs at every weekend, shamelessly lies and makes things up every single time he speaks, and generally behaves himself in a way that embarasses the entire country on a daily basis. All of this off the top of my head and ignoring the very real possibility that he and/or high ranking members of his administration are being controlled by Russia. It's been one month.     
Boy that smug is pretty overwhelming there. Yes, shitgibbon, I watched the video. The jokes were in poor taste, and Disney dropped him as a result. Sorry your millionaire boycrush isn't allowed to say or do whatever he wants without any repercussion :'(
Here's the thing: that story is completely true. [This](https://www.google.com/amp/embedded#vgi=13471875157864737063&amp=http%253A%252F%252Fwww.wsj.com%252Famp%252Farticles%252Fdisney-severs-ties-with-youtube-star-pewdiepie-after-anti-semitic-posts-1487034533&ampidx=0) is the WSJ article.It talks about how Disney ended their relationship with Pewdiepie because of anti-Semitic jokes and imagery in his videos. That's 100% what happened (full disclosure I don't pay for WSJ so I've only seen the free part). He paid two guys to hold up a sign that said "death to all Jews". Do you think Disney wants that shit on their network? Pewdiepie also posted [this Tweet](http://archive.is/sKiji) in which somebody asks him "When did you become a Nazi?" to which he replied "aryan, superior genetics since birth". Now I'm totally on board with that all just being (kinda shitty) jokes. But again, it's fucking Disney. He should understand that if he wants to be associated with Disney he can't have that shit going on. It's common sense.The only thing that is remotely WSJ's responsibility in this, is that they contacted Disney (presumably to ask for a comment) about the anti-Semitic content on Pewdiepie's channel. But getting mad about that is basically calling them tattle tales. Pewdiepie's an adult and he (and no one else) is responsible for what he does and says. Again, to restate: dropping Pewdiepie was Disney's decision. Putting Nazi shit on his channel was Pewdiepie's decision. If you want to work with Disney it's common sense that "death to all Jews" is not a smart thing to put on your channel. End of story.   
> We can't control when the Black Bloc and opportunistic rioters show up at protests.You absolutely can. In Sweden in the seventies the Left had no problem at all turning away the hard left infiltrators trying to start violent confrontations. You have demonstration guards and turn any known trouble makers or people bringing masks away.> Democrats do not invite them and they are in no way part of organizing by democrats.They are part of your organizations. One of the rioters at Berkely was a *professor*. They can be purged, the Social Democrats did so in Sweden, but that requires active effort.
\>be Democrat \>trust the police Choose one 
First off, there were plenty that called him a Nazi or Nazi-like. Some, including Tech Crunch ended up changing their title after Pewdiepie released his statement video.Second, it's not about him being called a Nazi. It's about the WSJ taking every video of him with hitler or swastikas in it completely out of context and insinuating he's a racist for it.  Every single time he used anything Nazi related he was trying to prove a point - He used a video of Hitler and compared it to the YouTube Heroes program saying the program was like Hitler by recruiting users to report videos. The WSJ used that against him.He created a video showing gamers creating swastikas on the walls in his gameplay and told them to stop writing swastikas - the entire video was "Stop writing swastikas in my games". The WSJ used footage of that against him as supporting evidence for their claims.He even just lifted his hand in the air (with his hand not in the shot) and they used that footage too.It sounds like you're basing everything off of headlines because if you knew the above and still continue to support what you're saying then you've clearly lost a grip on reality.
Well when studies have shown listening to this nonsense leaves you less informed than if you had never payed attention, yeah it's fine.There is no baby left in this bathwater.
Instances where we can prove that they outright or maliciously lied might be a bit rare.  Instances where they distort facts, or unevenly report facts, or cherry pick facts in order to push a narrative rather than objectively reporting?  They do that literally 24-fucking-7.
Not if you disassemble the system of legalized bribery that gives them influence according to their number of dollars instead of people.
Third parties actually can't work for large elections with our current system. And although the DNC didn't help him much, Bernie's relative success in the primaries shows that the democratic party is not a monolith.  Trump shows the same for the gop - if you want to get fresh ideas in its perfectly possible to just force them through the primary
I think you're missing the point here. As I see it, the point is that the media spun the story to their liking, regardless of what the context was. The issue with pewdiepie is only one example of the media doing this, and they need to improve their standard. However I do see that being a neutral, fact based new outlet might be impossible. After all, it is clicks that generate money, and as long as click bait is what gets the readers interested, I don't think it can change much.
"nazi imagery is ok and not at all problematic because it was in jest, and doesn't AT ALL normalize nazi viewpoints"Oh wait... Thats...how the alt right came to be... Listen pal, this isn't gonna go anywhere. We each have entirely differeng worldviews and ideas about how things interact with one another, and how words affect landscapes. 
It was only Fox News that left viewers less informed when they did an actual study. Are you just making things up now?
Depends on your definitions of reputable. If your definition is that a news source follows journalistic standards like having fact checks and putting disclaimers on unverified information, if they are beholden to truth, most of it not all mainstream media sources are considered reputable.
He doesn't have to be smart to hate the news media, or be a patsy for others who are also interested in controlling it.
If he could actually refute (with sources and facts) any of the claims the news media has been making, or had a particular example that he refuted, that's one thing.  Attacking the entire news media as consistently lying with no actual basis is another.Even if it is the case that he's "reacting badly" to something he saw on MSNBC or CNN or whatever news network, the acting President of the United States should not be making unsubstantiated claims of falsehood against the press and attacking particular networks.
Which again. Is bad journalism. Most of the articles about him have been either unverifiable or plain false.Also, if you want to have a debate please keep it mature.
If you declare a thing impossible you've already lost before you even tried fighting.
Free speech does not = my right to say whatever I want without facing criticism
If the wsj is not to your liking there are multiple newpapers of record available in the united states. The optimal strategy is to read multiple reputable sources, since as you say no source is immune from error.Also note the WSJ is not listed by the president as part of the fake news media.
>All the ones about the disarray in the white houseThose are probably factual. These are reputable papers; they know who their sources are, obviously, and they wouldn't publish such rumors if their sources weren't trustworthy.>the recent national guard oneVery unlikely to be fake.>the EO bring unconstitutionalReligious tests for immigration are unconstitutional, so Trump's EO probably is too.>saying what Flynn did was illegalHe violated the Logan Act, and as we found out recently, be seemed to have also lied to the FBI.>that Steve Banning is a racistSteve Bannon *is* a racist.
If mental health is the issue how is 30 million people losing their insurance going to help? How is cutting medicaid going to help?
Was his mental health problem documented?  Or are we just diagnosing after the fact?
Well he wasn't allowed to buy an assault rifle, so that question is pointless. We won't gain support with outright lies. 
The guy had the gun illegally. /thread
He wasn't. An assault rifle by definition is selective fire. Might seem nitpicky to some, but nobody has been killed with an assault rifle in the US since 1932
It wasn't an "assault rifle" , and he lied on his background check.The end
He did not obtain his guns legally. This is further proof that gun control does not work. He was barred from buying a gun legally and still obtained it.
He had a gun illegally - stricter gun laws wouldn't have prevented this.  Once you can accept this, we can have a conversation.  Until then, you're just a fool.
Last year, the APA released a [paper](http://www.apa.org/news/press/releases/2016/08/media-contagion.aspx) describing how media coverage affects mass shootings, arguing that it is similar to copycat suicides following celebrity suicides in the 90's, which was quickly curtailed when reporting standards changed to avoid glamorizing the suicide. The recommendation was to address mass shootings  by cutting off the incentive to start one in the first place, which makes a lot of sense, as it is hard to subject these individuals to therapy before they commit violent acts (since they wouldn't go themselves, and others may not notice), and having people shooting each other with, say, shotguns isn't really an improvement.
>why was a man with mental health problems allowed to purchase an assault rifle?Because who is going to determine who is so mentally ill that they deserve to have their 2nd amendment rights taken away, and furthermore, how would that even be determined?Your solution is basically a less extreme version of giving everyone a 9 pm curfew. Sure the crime rate would go down a lot, but you'd be taking away peoples rights and freedom. You clearly choose security over freedom in this case (and likely most cases) whereas most people choose freedom over security.TLDR: Yes, you've identified a problem, good for you. Turns out we're all actually aware there's a problem, but your solution is stupid. So thanks, but no thanks.
Why was a man with a mental health problem allowed to be president?
Everyone knows that there's mental issues with mass shooters, regardless of the ideology that radicalized them.  Refusing to acknowledge the ideology and propaganda that drives politically motivated shooters is tacit acceptance of them.Strange that there's no outcry about the [divisive rhetoric from the right](https://np.reddit.com/r/The_Donald/comments/7b3flm/a_church_shooting_the_scalise_shooting_rand/) and they're making [ads that  draw up people with different political views as dangerous and anti-american](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PrnIVVWtAag.
First off obligatory not a assault rifle, next he was a felon by being dishonorably discharged. so he already had the gun illegally in the first place, The cnn article is just baiting the only way he got that rifle was through illegal means.
He also had a history of domestic violence. There is a direct link between domestic violence and increased odds of other violent crime later.People on the left have been proposing a ban on letting people with a history of domestic violence have guns for a long time now. The Republicans and the NRA keep refusing to even contemplate it.
Correct. The story so far says that the seller failed to do the proper background checks.    Seems to be a common theme that the laws we have in place would help, but the lack of enforcement allows these things to slip through. 
It's also incredibly shitty to suggest that people with mental health issues should have their rights specifically taken away.1) It stigmatizes mental health even further, meaning people are less likely to seek help due to the social stigma.2) It paints people with mental health issues as more violent to others, which is not true and again, creates stigmaI just wish people would stop throwing the marginalized under the bus to "own" a conservative.
So, help us out, how do we fight GOP and NRHA efforts to defund or ban electronic records keeping to make these checks instantaneous?https://www.vice.com/en_us/article/wdbd9y/the-atfs-nonsensical-non-searchable-gun-databases-explained-392
* D: We need gun control* R: No! This was just 1 person with mental health problems!* D: We need better mental healthcare* R: Well....
There wont be any mental health issues if the people is busy dying from treatable but expensive desease *ponts at head*
> An assault rifle by definitionIf it looks scary, it's an "assault rifle" to just about anyone. :/
He obtained it from a LEGAL retailer who apparently didn't take proper background check procedures.
He purchased the gun used in the attack from a LEGAL gun retailer (Academy Sports + Outdoors). I disagree with your statement that "no amount of gun laws will stop people from illegally obtaining guns," because a **waiting period** to review the background check would have certainly prevented this. Even if he lied about his previous felonies, a background check and waiting period would have revealed that he was not permitted to purchase a firearm, thus preventing the sale of the firearm. With that being said, clearly this company should hold responsibility for illegally selling this firearm to Kelley. But in Texas, background checks are **not** required for private sales, nor are **state permits**. So yes, gun laws would have prevented this from happening, because the gun was purchased ILLEGALLY from a LEGAL retailer, without any government overview of the transaction, or background check required for the transaction.
If we restrict guns and make the vetting system stronger we can prevent unstable people from getting guns more efficiently. 
In Texas AR-15 rifles can be purchased without a permit or waiting period. Edit: he was only tried in a military court which has no presidence to being a convicted felon outside so everything about your comment is wrong
> No amount of gun laws will stop people from illegally obtaining guns.Every other Western country reveals that to be bullshit.
What about stricter murder laws, the current ones did not seem to deter him much. 
"Have you ever been convicted in any court of a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence?" Is already one of the questions of the federal 4473 form to be filled out when purchasing a gun. If you lie and answer "no" (which would itself be perjury) the background check should come back as denied, no sale.If you have a domestic violence charge on your record and answer truthfully as a "yes" the firearms dealer halts the sale.This is what is supposed to happen to the best of my understanding.
Yeah, Mexico and other countries south of the USA never have these problems! No African countries, either! Nor Eastern Europe!
Because numbers matter.  Look up per capita.
Then Academy is going to have serious legal problems.  The problem is that 3 other places also sold him a gun.  You can't tell me 4 places, some in Colorado, never did a background check, which is illegal.  Something is fucky in the FBI's system methinks.  
I'm giving the OP the benefit of the doubt and assuming he means "unstable" or "violent" mental illnesses. If that's the case the it's unfortunate but they have a legitimate case for taking your guns taken away. In the same vein that we can't allow blind people to drive, or pedophiles to interact with children, we also can't allow people who aren't in control of their actions to have access to something like firearms. It's irresponsible. There are shades of gray and I don't want to go over every single "what if" scenario that could play out from my statement, but my main point is that just because something isn't your fault doesn't mean you get to put other people in danger.
>  stigmatizes mental health even furtherI don't agree with that. In my opinion people who are not able or less skilled to do a certain activity, should simply don't do it.That should also apply to various occupational fields: Not everyone has to be a software engineer, bus driver or a doctor.But under all circumstances you should not be considered a worse human being if you are not gifted enough in a certain area.We are not all equal, but we are all humans and that is all what matters.
This is the kind of thing the left is actually pushing for when they say "gun control."Of course Fox always twists it to "the Democrats are coming for your guns, despite having no majority power in any branch of federal government and most state governments."
"Assault rifle" refers to a select-fire (between semi and full auto) magazine fed infantry weapon.  "Assault Weapon" is a term which had no meaning until anti-gun legislators made it up, and is defined by generally irrelevant cosmetic features. The similarity between the terms is intentionally misleading. "Assault" itself is a generally a behavior more than it is a type of equipment.
You point out the weakness of your own argument
Assault rifle and assault style weapon are different terms. The former is based on function. The latter is based on cosmetic features. By conflating the two you only strengthen the argument that people who don't understand firearms shouldn't be making laws about them.
An assault rifle can switch between semi auto and fully auto. An AR-15 cannot.
This is the usual process.Dems: Okay, that was brutal. Maybe it's time to start talking about how we can keep guns from being so freely available.Rep: Hey, there was a guy with a gun there that saved people!  Shame about the other few dozen, but hey.Dems: Okay, well maybe there's some reasonable legislation we can think about with gun ...Rep: You silly lib! It's not guns, it's mental health issues!Dems: Oh, well, okay, let's talk about legislation that will help people get mental health care.Rep: Fuck that!  That'll cost money!
Fixing the problem isn't the goal. Just deflecting from guns. That's the best part. Guns? God given right. Healthcare? Reward for hard work. Not a right. 
Exactly. He wasn't legally allowed to own a firearm.And of all things, a legal gun owner pulled out his gun and shot the shooter causing him to flee and helping save some lives within the church.
How could your premiums double if you already had Tricare? You either have Tricare or not. You can't have Obamacare one day and then go out and purchase Tricare the next. I think you are attempting to criticize Obamacare with nothing to back up your accusations. 
The ACA has problems but there must be a fix that doesn't cause 30 million people to be uninsured . That fix will cost money and the rich might have to wait for their tax cuts or lord forbid pay more. We all may end up paying more but we will save on the other side with the cost of our health care. 
> when Obamacare came around my premiums and deductibles more than doubled. Oh yeah?> Luckily I have TRICARE through the military.Then how are you paying premiums/deductibles? If you are retired, then you're covered through a modified version of TriCare.
So why the fuck do we listen to someone rant about guns when they use the term assault rifle in the improper way? 
If this was the case this retailer should be thrown in jail and all his recent sales should be checked.
https://www.fbi.gov/services/cjis/nicsYou seem to not understand how a firearm purchase works. Go read about NICS and form 4473. 
If he purchased it from Academy he would have had to pass a background check. Every time, every state.  just to address this:>because a waiting period to review the background check would have certainly prevented this.A background check takes as long as it takes, if you have an uncommon name it could be 5 minutes, if not it could be 45+.  It takes however long it takes to return the information, a waiting period is useless and afaik has never been shown to do anything.  The valid question is why didn't his DV conviction show up on his background check, my guess is that its because it was in a military court but that would just be conjecture and we have way too much of that going around today.
There are already provisions in place for the waiting period you describe. When you request a NICS check, you can get one of three responses: "Proceed", "Refuse", and "Hold".  A proceed response allows the seller to complete the sale immediately. A refuse response prohibits the sale entirely. A hold response gives law enforcement up to three days to provide a proceed or refuse response. If they fail to provide any response after the "hold", the sale is allowed to continue. (This prevents a de facto gun ban by simply de-funding the NICS system.)If the sale continues without a proceed response, and it is later discovered the buyer is prohibited, law enforcement can recover the firearm and charge the buyer. None of that happened. Despite his ~~felony~~ *domestic violence* conviction, he **passed** the background check.That texas does not mandate background checks for private sales is irrelevant, because he **passed** such a check. What needs to happen now is an audit of the NICS system. If they didn't know about his conviction, we need regulations for reporting such convictions to NICS. If they did know and failed to refuse the check, someone needs to lose their job, and possibly be charged for their negligence. 
You've never purchased drugs have you?
The system that is currently in place already made it illegal for the shooting suspect to own a gun.  He illegaly obtained it. No vetting system would of prevented this, it would only effect law abiding citizens.
A BCD or Dishonorable Discharge from the military classifies the recipient as a Felon at the Federal level. The Form 4473 (ATF form for transfer of a firearm) specifically asks that question.Your comment is wrong-former gun dealer
It's illegal to sell an AR-15 to a fellon. No amount of laws is going to stop people from illegally obtaining things as is blatantly obvious with the war on drugs. 
You can have both a mental illness and subscribe to a radical ideology. In fact, the latter tends to attract the former. 
I heard that the Air Force did not send the proper paperwork to the FBI to put him on the list. 
It's actually because the US Air Force never reported his crimes to civilian authorities like they were supposed to. He served time in a military prison and was discharged for domestic violence. The domestic violence conviction would have prevented him from buying any gun.
The difference is that the law affects millions of people who aren't any more likely to be violent. You're more likely to be a victim of violence if you have a mental illness.People are being punished because of a stigma that people like you and the OP are pushing, and the false idea that mentally ill people are more likely to be violent, when in fact they are not. If you really want to defend this scapegoating of the mentally ill, please give me two things.1) A list of mental illnesses that you designate as "violent" or "unstable"2) A list of the mental illnesses that the recently repealed law prevented from purchasing guns.
> people who are not able or less skilled to do a certain activity, should simply don't do it.Who decides they are less able to do a certain activity? That's the important factor.The original ban against people with mental illnesses owning guns was broad, overreaching and ridiculous. It would be like banning anyone who wears glasses from driving. 
People with mental illnesses are less likely to hurt others and more likely to be victims of violent attacks.You're the "fucking idiot" here mate, your opinions are driven by your own constructed fears, you've been watching too many horror movies about escaped mental asylum patients.
Recent legislation in california proves you wrong
> This is the kind of thing the left is actually pushing for when they say "gun control."funny, in my state what they've always been pushing for is adding more shit to the ban list, since they already require licensing, training, and background checks and registration for every purchase.
The only time I saw this kind of legislation pushed it was combined with an assault feature ban/semi auto ban so it didn't pass. If they tried to push it without bans it might have a small chance at passing, but it will never pass if they try to ban 100 year old technology or ergonomic features.
Well, having Hillary jump out there with that silencer tweet after LV didn't really help the democrats and their push for "gun control."
> Dems: Oh, well, okay, let's talk about legislation that will help people get mental health care.Rep: Sure... let's just... pencil that in for discussion... on the calendar here....Oh, the media interest has moved on? OK, yea we're not doing anything about healthcare
Well... to be honest you have the right to purchase a gun. You also have the same ability to purchase healthcare.The (crucial) difference is that nobody is forcing you to pay for others' guns (defense spending doesn't count), and nobody has ever suggested it.EDIT: I'm not taking a stance on healthcare subsidies or insurance, just pointing out that pretending healthcare isn't available in the same manner as handguns is dishonest.
Because he's a liar.  As are 99% of the people that claim that after the ACA they were forced to live in a shack in the woods as a result of their skyrocketing insurance premiums.
> You seem to not understand how a firearm purchase worksPretty much the basis of every anti-2A argument I've seen as of late. And I'll be the first one to admit, I used to be in the "ban guns" camp until I learned about the law and more about US history. 
Read the instructions for questions 11b and 11c on [ATF form 4473](https://www.atf.gov/file/61446/download). They explicitly define "discharge under dishonorable conditions" as "separation from the armed forces from a dishonorable discharge **or dismissal ajudged by a General Court Martial**"A bad conduct discharge renders one ineligible to possess a firearm under 18 USC 922(g). He was a prohibited person. The answer is simple, they didnt run a background check 
Nice.  The old, "well, if you can't fix it, why even try?"  defense.  
But he didn't. That's the point I'm making. He purchased it illegally from a legal vendor. Nothing will stop the sale of firearms on the black market, I can acknowledge that. But he didn't buy it from the black market, he bought it from the legal market and shouldn't have. And the gun laws in place in Texas enabled this illegal transaction to take place from a LEGAL vendor.
You should first admit you were wrong and were spreading falsehoods before you move on to the next bullshit excuse. 
Both legal and illegalBut drugs are a little different then fire arms.
Tighter restrictions drive up the price of illegal guns.  When they're freely available, they're cheap and easily accessible.America is the only first world country with this problem, stop pretending that gun control can't work - nobody else has this fucking problem.
He purchased the gun legally.Now you will move goalposts, 
The news that he received a dishonorable discharge was incorrect, he didn't.  The real question is why didn't his DV conviction show up on his background check.  
[This article includes the ad in question](https://www.washingtonpost.com/video/politics/latino-victory-fund-american-nightmare---campaign-2017/2017/10/30/0b01c6a2-bd93-11e7-9294-705f80164f6e_video.html?utm_term=.b923b492c9e3)
He fucking beat his wife and child and a military court convicted him and he sat in a military prison for a year. His ability to buy guns was allowed because apparently you can lie on an application and not get caught until after you murder dozens. How about fixing this?
I understand these people are sick and that it's not their fault, just like any other physical disease. I still can't support allowing unstable persons to own firearms. Before you make any more assumptions, "mental illness" is an *extremely* broad spectrum and I can't possibly speak to every facet to even *begin* to defend which illness means you lose your guns. So I won't. 1. If the mental illness causes uncontrollable violent tendencies then they shouldn't have guns. I left it vague for a reason, I'm not a medical professional and I assume you aren't either so those choices aren't ours to make.2. Again, not a medical health professional or a lawyer/politician. I'm not familiar enough with the law nor am I willing to put in the hours it would take to make a cogent argument. I am also not trying to defend any law currently in place. I'm simply stating my opinion: if your sickness makes you unable to control yourself, you don't get to own a gun.
Pardon my ignorance, I don't live anywhere near CA - can you help direct me to what you're referring to? The only recent thing I can see is a ban on large-capacity magazines, part of which has been blocked by a federal judge after NRA appeal.
You cant ninja edit an hour later.  FFS.
Ya, he does. He notes that an "assault rifle" is a semi automatic rifle with a handle... As if nobody could construct a handle on their own
That's also the only thing that makes an assault rifle an assault rifle.So the only difference is the whole definition.
The only difference between a semi auto hunting rifle and an AR15 is the looks. So should we suddenly call all semi auto rifles assault rifles and make the term meaningless?All this BS about rifles will get nothing done, which I think is the democrats real strategy. About 3% of shootings leading to death are committed using long guns, the rest are pistols. This is only about looking good and getting the opposition galvanized against them because they'll feel like their hunting weapons etc. will be next on the list as there isn't much difference between them.I think it really demonstrates the goals of the people behind this that they take aim at banning weapons that look scary, not weapons that are actually used to commit most murders.
The sad thing is that Repubs are partially right that mental health care is sooooo horrible in this country.  If they were to work with Dems on reasonable health care legislation for mental health issues, they would get broad support from everyone.  But they just trot it out so they can ignore it.
I'm not sure what you mean.  The guy in Texas is being praised for "stopping" the shooting after over 20 people had already been killed.
I pay for the increase in healthcare costs from gun violence/accidents through insurance. I pay for the lawmakers who offer thoughts and prayers instead of working on viable things to help the problem.I know that's nitpicking, and not the same as socialized healthcare, but at the same time, I wouldn't say it's 100% cost free. My main frustration with this all, speaking as someone who enjoys guns themselves and agrees that you should be able to defend yourself is how absurd the right side of the aisle can be with the "self defense" idea, and the argument that "there's nothing to do, it just happens". That argument would be laughed at if you said "Sorry, guys. Terrorism sucks, but hey, people are going to be mad. What can you do?". We're currently trying to build a giant wall, increase surveillance and restrict immigration from certain countries (regardless of our role in fucking up said country) and it's all a direct or near result of "stopping terrorism". If Washington pretended to even care half as much about something that's a far greater danger to US citizens domestically as it does the boogieman that is terrorism, things might actually change for the better. 
I'm not going to pretend to be an expert on military court martials, but its really unlikely that an Academy sports turned over a gun without a background check.  The repercussions are enormous.
Academy is not a private seller. They are an FFL holder and must perform a background check. Academy should be held responsible for illegally selling a firearm. 
My point is making something illegal or hard to get doesn't work as proven by the drug war. The underlying issue needs to be addressed and that's culture and mental Health. 
We also boast one of the highest highway fatalities in the world.Highest rate of heart disease and obesity.Second highest rate of diabetes (go Mexico).We also spend the most amount of money on our schools for the least return. We have the most non-gun violent crime for a major population nation.Just say what you mean: "I don't like guns. I don't want you to own them. I think the 2nd Amendment is a republican way to overthrow a liberal government should we seize power".Be open. Don't be a republican and lie about the 4th amendment protections, or their love of the 1st.Just be honest. Say "I don't believe in the 2nd amendment to let citizens fight the US government with a fundamental right to own a weapon without government control of who can and who cannot possess one, or tracking who has them to round them up."That's my biggest problem with you democrats and why I left the party. You lie so much and don't believe in actual individualism or liberty. You just believe in controlling the situation.Same with poverty. You don't want to help folks get *better* jobs, you just want folks to get universal healthcare. WOW, I can work the same shit-tier job 24 hours a week to enrich walmart as other tax payers pay for me and not the company? And if I go back to school or a trade shop the assistance goes away for my kids?So generous. And you wonder why you're at the lowest rate of registered members among the young in the history of the democrat party.You're basically all republicans, just with a slightly different compass bearing. Instead of abortion, religion, and energy subsidies, you're about guns, welfare, and conformity.Still the same control. The same impoverishment. The same problems. You can't figure out why people kill, so you just want to limit the methods by which they do.jfc, not a damn clue in this entire place. 0 introspection. How much more damage do the republicans have to do before your party reinvents itself away from the Clintons and Sanders/Warrens, and into an actual party of classic liberalism?
What part of you can't own a fire arm if you were dishonorabley discharged don't you get?
Wasn't he convicted of domestic abuse though? That IS covered under a normal background check and should have come up when his i.d. was run. There are laws in place to prevent this. Im interested to find out how he didn't get flagged. 
Wow, you completely avoided answering those questions.Again, you're demanding people who are *NOT MORE LIKELY TO HURT OTHERS* have their rights taken away because you falsely believe they are "unstable".I tried to get you to do the barest minimum level of research, but you completely avoided that and instead just doubled down and reiterated your baseless opinion.If you can't be bothered to do the barest level of googling before demanding rights being taken away from people based of your preconceived fears, then maybe stop posting. 
Hi cap magaizne ban, bullet button, no bullet button, handgun roster, BGCs for ammo, no internet ammo sales, still basically may issue, legislation that taxes gun stores out of existence, it's a long list. No, this is not what Dems are pushing for when they say gun control and the list of states trying to ban bump stocks and scary black rifles indicates that.
Of course they're right; they know there's a problem for the same reason they thought they knew Iraq had WMDs in the early 2000s: their patron saint sent smuggled weapons into Iran/Iraq in the 80s and in the same time period destroyed treatment for mental health issues here in the states.  There's hardly a problem that exists today that doesn't fall back to some Republican action in the past.
Go to Australia and find a gun "on the street." 
There's a pretty big difference between guns and drugs though.  The reason drugs are so easy to buy is because so many people sell them.  Like, everyone knows a guy that knows a guy selling drugs.  The big difference with guns is that most people buying illegal guns aren't doing so "just for fun".  So, if you're selling guns to people you have to be ok with the fact that your client is probably going to do something bad with it.  Most people are not be ok with that, so illegal gun sales would be concentrated in the few people that would be ok with that.  That would be enough to kill the "everyone knows a guy that knows a guy" effect.
For a party whose stance on all this gun violence is "thoughts and prayers", you sure do shit talk people actually trying to drive change instead of sitting back and doing absolutely nothing.
People have already told you, he wasn't dishonorably discharged. 
I'm on your side here but he got a bad conduct discharge not a dishonorable discharge which doesn't remove the right to a firearm. He was however convicted of domestic violence which should have prevented it. 
I think he was only court martialed and not prosecuted in civilian criminal court.  
HE wasn't DD, either.  Read moar.He lied on the 4473, a ridiculously low bar to have to cross when obtaining any AR platform rifle.  The 'terrorist' in NJ last week had to provide proof of license (which requires training and certification), the ability to keep that license, and insurance to kill 8 people.
FALSE. It was a bad conduct discharge.Again another falsehood. Stop talking about this topic until you get your facts straight. 
I dont see how a person suffering from hallucinations or hearing voices should not be considered "mentally unstable". I get that you don't want stigmatization of MHIs and I am a huge supporter of getting those with MHIs the help they need, but you're gassing yourself here. People diagnosed with a range of certain mental illnesses are a danger to themselves, and sometimes to society.
As well as calling for bans on all military style weapons (another disingenuous buzz phrase).
The vast majority of purported self-defense uses of firearms are the result of someone pulling out a gun during escalation of an argument, not as defense from random crime.  Most of these uses, even if not prosecuted, are of very questionable legality, even if the gun was legally owned and carried.Firearms are used far more often to frighten and intimidate others than for self-defense. Guns in the home are also used more often to intimidate or threaten other people living in the home than to defend the home against crime.  Nearly all criminals that report ever being shot say they were shot by police or other criminals. Virtually no criminals report ever being shot by law-abiding citizens.Firearm use by crime victims is also not shown to be any more effective at preventing injuries than any other protective action. https://www.hsph.harvard.edu/hicrc/firearms-research/gun-threats-and-self-defense-gun-use-2/
Why is every anti-gun persons argument either the U.K. or Australia?? They're fucking islands without war zones on their border. 
Make guns illegal, drive the value of illegal guns sky high via limiting supply, now everyone knows someone that sells illegal guns. Most people are buying guns 'just for fun' as is evident by the 300+ million guns that belong mostly to collectors and enthusiasts. It takes serious mental gymnastics to not see that a gun ban will end exactly like the war on drugs: those willing to break the law will still have what they want and regular folks get screwed.
A court martial **is** a criminal prosecution. 
You must provide a state issued ID to purchase fire arms in Texas.
 Wow, after reading your attacks on everyone maybe YOU should do some research. Go look at a standard background check (you never have, obviously) and you will see how many times he would have had to lie. This rifle was illegally obtained even if it wasn't from the streets. These laws exist already. 
"Mental Illness" doesn't mean hearing voices or having hallucination, it's an incredibly broad brush. The law banning "mentally ill" people was incredibly broad and unrefined.
Considering my ol hunk of junk mosin is technically a military rifle, the law is pretty dumb. 
So 60% of gun related deaths are actually a mental health issue then, instead of removing a tool for suicide how bout we prevent it from becoming a option? 
Exactly.It is a meaningless phrase for the most part. The only thing is tells you is that a military used it at some point.The only way to use the term fairly would be to call nearly every weapon a military style weapon as some spec iOS armory some where has a version of everything for some reason.
Or you know, not ship them off to the cartels in the first place. Thanks Obama. 
Hell yeah! I supported Trump when I was 17 during the election, thankfully I couldn't vote, this year my first vote will be cast for Biden!
Good for you buddy. Welcome to the bright side.
Vote on principles, vote on policies, don't vote for specofic people or party. Seems like you're on the right track.
DM me your size and address, and I'll send you a Biden shirt to replace the one you burnt. Serious.
Plus ignore this Q crap which doesn't happen anyways.
Unfortunately at the moment, we don't have that luxury. The Republicans are allowing horrible precedents to be set, it's beyond a difference in opinion. We're on the verge of having a dictatorship and even though democrats aren't wonderful all the time, voting for them is literally the only thing we can do to help ourselves. Idealistically, I agree with you, but we are so so fractured rn.
Honestly, just being young and not knowing shit about politics, and my parents saying that the democrats where satanist who wanted to kill babies. Just dumb shit that I believed, nothing with his policies or anything.
Sometimes I feel like people forget what the American flag is. They spend so much time using thin colored line flags for the police, the military, the Republican Party. I see more people fly the trump flag than the American flag.
Not really, most people under 18 here support trump like god himself.
Yeah, it was just vindicating to burn it lol. I feel bad for releasing pollution from this disgusting piece of clothing, but it certainly felt good.
When I was a big Trump supporter I really kept up with his campaign promises, and when I saw within the first 100 days he flat out [broke/Didnt](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/promises/trumpometer/) keep most of his promises, I knew it was all down hill from there and I threw in the flag, from there I have actually had real ideological change for the better just from a continued will to know more about stuff!
People change. We should celebrate when they do so for the better
It sucks because I wish the people had options. Of course, I am happy the Dems will benefit. However, having only one viable party option isn't very democratic.
The last thing dems want is to kill babies. Rather they support birth control, appropriate pre-natal care and support system for kids and moms. Just giving birth is not end all, nurturing is important.
Reddit was the primary mainstream hub for anti-Clinton "news". Reddit's user base includes a massive amount of young adults. The rest is history.
From their other comments, seems like they were just more exposed to the truth. While before they were young and raised in an environment where they were being fed a lot of pro trump disinformation
Yeah I would be curious to know as well
Hinting at third terms, implying you won't peacefully transition, trying to get legal ballots thrown out in key states, encouraging/affirming violent action against opponents campaign staff?
I did too, taking Organic Chemistry changed my mind.  Quickly.
Wow she started 8 wars without even being a president, she must be extremely effectiveOr maybe, maybe, she was a minor factor in a bigger national push to engage in those conflicts and was actually irrelevant because held no power to decide anything to lead to a war
I'm not going to disagree with you, and I'll fully admit that the pro-Bernie, anti-Clinton propaganda from the email dump was targeted to depress Democratic turnout.That said, there are a lot of us who have disliked Hillary for years. Did I vote for her? Yes. Would she been a vast improvement over what we have now? Absolutely.  But I still can't fucking stand her.
Oh goodness, that's terrifying. I grew up and live in the south. Grew up in the church for sure, though I'm not religious anymore. I do not remember a pastor ever speaking about specific politicians a single time, either from the pulpit, at an event, or even in casual conversation(and my family was pretty close with the pastor and his family).  Churches going political that hard is disturbing. *Especially* for someone like trump.. My cousin said something last week about being disappointed about what churches had turned into in the past several years, so I'd guess this is probably happening in a lot of places. She's in Alabama.
Alternatively, when you refuse to see white supremacy anywhere
Not be mixed up with Steve King, the racist who though Iphones were run by Google
Giving the rich tax breaks is doing "God's Work" according to them.
I doubt even an imagination as dark as Stephen King's could have conceived something as nightmarish as a Trump 'Presidency'. 
Reading Trump supporter tweets make me feel like I'm losing brain cells over each word. They tweet the most braindead shit and act like it was a smart comeback. 
And wanted names of the "liberals" who indexed Google's search engines. Fucking Stasi asshole.
I get the feeling that Steve feels he has to post about his current angst with the government just so no one thinks he is the amazingly disgusting Steven Arnold King who thinks Trump is just a ok. 
What's really amazing is if Individual-1 had any ability to push legislation through, he could throw a some red meat to the cult and things like this out and, yes I know a big if, assuming the Russian affair doesn't go totally down the toilet for him, get re-elected by showing independents he can do good things too. Not like he's going to lose his base and they'll turn out if he does just enough. But his tax give away to the rich being the only real thing, and they are stupid enough to think his judges will ever be on their side versus big business. But he is just totally incapable of governing doin bad or good.
Scrolling through the responses is *devastating*... Stuff like [this little exchange.](https://i.imgur.com/0g4YjMp.jpg) Some elderly man screaming nonsense into the void, and then getting corrected. But he almost certainly will never read that response, and if he does he will just continue to spout the same bullshit. Twitter is worse than Youtube comments. It is pure, lethally-concentrated idiocy. 
>Trump has shitty books written for him by people who don't like him, but also inherited a shitton of money from his dad. Maybe he should pony up money to fund the wall and then pay for the work done by  contractors in one of his gaudy fuck awful shit taste towers! >These super rich elitists live in a bubble, and have convinced poor/undereducated people to think they also live in the same bubble.Hey, this IS fun!
Maybe trump should pay for the wall himself...
That wasn't America's money. It was Iran's own money and it's been [stated](https://www.politifact.com/truth-o-meter/statements/2016/mar/17/donald-trump/no-donald-trump-we-are-not-giving-iran-150-billion/) that it likely wasn't anywhere close to being $150b in liquid assets. Obama didn't "give" it to them either as those assets (most of which were in Asian markets) became unfrozen when the UN released their sanctions.
Except for Obama isn't the president anymore. All DJT has done in two years is try to reverse anything with Obama's name on it. And blame Hillary for everything going wrong with his own administration. She's not the president, Obama isn't the president anymore. I really wish people could get past the whole "what about Obama, what about hillary" and realize that the president we actually have in office is an unfit egomaniac that is going to drive this country into the ground. I understand people poll level don't want to admit they were duped, and really we didn't have a decent candidate when it came down to the final votes, but damn. This guy isn't good for us. He doesn't have the majority of Americans interests at at heart. 
>The ultimate irony here is that Stephen King's net worth is over **$400 Million**. I wonder how many lunches and medical treatments a quarter of that would provide. Why isn't someone like Stephen, obviously of means and motivation doing something himself?**He donates at least 4 million a year,** plus whatever his foundation and other philanthropy work generates. He has also advocated for years that people like him (the rich) should be taxed more! You can shit on celebrities, but don't look like a fool in the process. Most outspoken celebrities are also philanthropists. Trump has more power than them but does nothing - in fact, he makes it a point to do the opposite of helping those in need. 
For sure.  Lets have the government keep wasting money and rely on private citizen's wealth to feed the hungry and care for the sick.. that can only end well.
The bad faith in this argument could fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool. "Caring for children and Vets" and "not treating immigrants like animals" are not opposite sides of anything. 
The wall will stop, at best, 10-15% of immigrants. Most illegals come by plane. That wall will only help, if it's +40k feet high.
> There are 20-30 million illegal immigrants in the USA stealing low-skill jobs from poor young people.Bullshit. I live in the largest growing area in the nation and I can't even find people to employ. Put up some facts instead of this blatant garbage.
That's a load of bs. Unemployment has been at 5% or lower since 2015.
Or any books for that matter right? Like your dear dear leader.
The dude inspired countless people, and has gifted the world with his literature. Your dear leader is a felon  reality star. Who had help from daddy's money all his life... so please tell me, why should I care of the opinions of your dear leader reality star??
There was a major problem around 2000 with illegal immigration into the USA by people illegally crossing the border rather than overstaying visas. At which point the border fencing was considerably improved and as a result there was a significant decrease in illegal crossings. Since then there has been a drop in the number of all types of illegal immigrants so it is no longer the major issue it was in 2000 and any additional border strengthening really doesn't do anything to stop illegal migration compared to the huge costs. There are far more cost effective methods of dealing with the declining problem of illegal migration than building a wall.
Republicans had both the house and Senate for 2 years and couldn't get the wall on the presidents desk.Turns out the president is the only one who wants it. Never gonna happen. 
The fact is, a wall will do very little, certainly not enough to justify its cost. [Most illegal immigrants actually come by plane and then overstay their visas](https://www.nytimes.com/interactive/2017/03/06/us/politics/undocumented-illegal-immigrants.html)[.](https://youtu.be/dQw4w9WgXcQ)
It's simply good role modelling.  We're too quiet and amoral these days.
They get tired of your useless babbling in TD? Stephen King earned his money the old fashioned way -- he earned it unlike the con-man Individual-1. He also donates $4 million every year to libraries. That is more in a month that Individual-1 has in his life. So yes, we would rather hear what he has to say than the criminal.
I'll take any figure who will rail against poor helpless Bozo the Clown. 
Because a reality tv show host with dementia is so much better than the most prolific author in American history. What brazen ignorance you just demonstrated Edit: Definitions for the unaware, mainly the guy unaware of the definition of a word and then being offended by being called ignorant.Prolific: adjatiave, present in large numbers or quantities; plentiful.Ignorance: noun, lack of knowledge or information.
Point of order: it was a gangbang, not an orgy.
Clearly we need a bunch of AA guns on the southern border to shoot down every plane that flies overhead, just in case. Illegal immigrants are so dangerous that blowing up hundreds of planes is the safest solution, just in case. 
You've added nothing to the conversation and increased the perception that far left people can't handle anything different.
a ok. Meaning perfectly alright with him. 
The point of the gangbang is to relieve the kids of their innocence, I believe. That way they can no longer be targeted by pennywise. Still a fuckin weird way to do that though, and I'm pretty sure the movie adaptations found a workaround to this.
Now this sentiment I can respect, and you helped broaden my perspective a bit. Thank you! I believe the policies DJT has reversed/enacted have caused more damage to most Americans and America's world image far more than anything Obama ever enacted. Yes, some of Obama's policies angered folks, but for the most part they actually helped some percentage of the populous. DJT and his policies have caused so much damage to America and its image on the world stage, we have lost all respect from enemies and allies alike. Race relations are at a terrible low, relations between the "parties" are at a terrible low. America has turned politics into a team sport, and as long as your team is sticking it to the other side, who cares right? And the next president is gonna have a full plate fixing the issues, and yes, probably spend time blaming DJT. That's just the sad state of affairs that America finds itself in. But again, thanks for pointing out the flaw in my logic, and I hope we both take something positive away from this. 
> The wall sends a signal that illegal entry is prosecuted.I'm pretty sure that kidnapping kids and throwing them in concentration camps and teargassing refugees is already sending that signal.
What are you talking about? I AM hiring. I employ laborers. I can't find people who are able to work.
As I said there was a major construction done on the border which did substantially improve it, but no border no matter how much money you waste on it will ever be a perfect barrier, East Germany proved that.The vast majority of the illegal immigrants in the USA crossed legally, so even if you did spend vast sums of money on the wall it would have virtually no impact on the numbers of illegal immigrants in the USA since these immigrants didn't illegally cross the border instead they generally overstay their visas.
so do shovels.  Have you seen the prototypes?  it's a waste of money.
The soul of your /r/dankmemes sub where  you posted "no free speech. you need to pay speech 0.99 word"
troll_domain. also known as "the Donald".Based on the quality of your comments, you'll fit in well.
Have you seen Kings tax returns? I'd wager he pays a lot more than your boy king and he never fucked Stormy Daniels or Karen McDougal or laundered one cent of Russian mob money or screwed hundreds of people who couldn't afford it out of their life savings on numerous scams and by just outright not paying for services rendered.
King hasn't spent his life finding tax loopholes or making new ones for billionaires and has been donating to libraries and literary foundation, programs, etc since he first started getting successful as an author. Trump prides himself on exploiting loopholes and bribing politicians  and New York state is finally going after him for it.They may both be wealthy but they arrived by different paths, work v inheritance, and have done different things with it, philanthropy, teaching, and increasing literacy v greed for its own sake/narcissism and giving lip service to charities without following through. 
I have to concede to the pedant. They are correct.
I am empathetic, and right now my empathy is geared towards the children that have no idea what kind of ideological battlefield they are stepping into when they read reddit comments. Saying "fuck you" here is the chess equivalent of flipping the board over to the people reading this. You need to play the game if you really care about influencing hearts and minds. I'm glad you brought some substantive concerns to the fore in your reply to me. That's what you should have done originally.That said, bringing up race and referring to society as a food chain makes me think you advocate violence.
I thought a daisy chain was a chain of people each giving the next one oral simultaneously. Especially if all women and especially if it forms a circle. If that's what that is, it definitely isn't that.
You wonder what people ever saw in his writing yet you didn't read the book? is that right? am i having a stroke or did u just make the most absurdly stupid statement ever. 
I honestly don't even understand what you're trying to argue here.  Are you saying the Trump administration *hasn't* been separating children from their parents with no plan or ability to eventually reunite them?
Why not ask Mexico to pay? When did the narrative change on this topic?
They can vote and they have a larger platform to speak from than the average citizen. He's arguing for better treatment of veterans and kids without regular access to food. He doesnt always hit the mark but what is your problem that you'd disagree with $5Bil going to that versus a wall that will serve no real purpose?Arguing for better treatment for all, regardless of income, is not out of touch.
No one cares about your plumber because outside his circle no one cares about his opinions.King has a following and people who definitely like to know his views.Now that doesn't mean they can't have any opinion because you don't care? 
Why do I always respond before checking the user history? Fuck off back to T_D, troll.  You have no power here.
And?  If he wants to help take care of them, who cares?  Not even touching on whether or not there's an air of truth to it.  You're attacking the man, not the idea.  It's ad hominem, and it's useless.
Are you sure we talking about the same person? 
> President Trump signed an executive order on Wednesday to end ***his*** controversial policy that has resulted in thousands of family separations and brought criticism from Democrats and Republicans.Literally the first sentence of your link.  I know the T\_D MAGAts don't bother reading the articles they link in their perpetual circle jerk, but that shit doesn't work here in the reality-based community.P.S.  I'm only making this comment in case other redditors stumble across your bs and think you might actually be making a valid point.
He didn't say stupid or high school drop out. The intimation is that people with lower than expected reading ability could be tied to not having job opportunities and being stuck with something like the military as their only out into some kind of employment success. For his era, that was often the case in many areas of the US and frankly, recruiters do encourage kids who have not done so well scholastically to consider the military early.He could have said it better, I think it sounds like a dick comment personally, and people have a right to be offended but you are definitely trying to make this his overall point when it was clearly more about increasing literacy to give more options for people as they grow up.
I care less about how many days he is taking off and way more about how much of our tax payer money he is funneling into his properties with these visits
Taking 5 of my 12 days off now.  
Cue the magachimps making every imaginable excuse for their lazy piece of shit Cheeto Jesus. 
I have always hated the vacation days comparison.  It is a flawed argument.  It always has been.  These types of attacks would stick harder if they focused on the ethical implications and either the work not getting done or the issues with him vacationing at these places (the "kitchen cabinet," BS security for classified materials, etc), or the hypocrisy of him being so critical of the amount of time Obama vacationed.  People hear "most people take 12 days but the President has taken..." and they tune out.  The President isn't "most people."  His job isn't "most jobs."  Personally, I want my President to take vacations to help rest his/her mind.  Obviously, this is obscene but the argument distracts from that part of it.This specific attack was used against Obama who did actually take more vacation than "most people" too.  But it was a bad attack because he was still productive and there wasn't the ethical issues.So now the argument is, "Most Americans take 12 vacation days.  Trump has taken 100.  Yeah, Obama took more than most people too but not as many Trump."  
Eh... to be fair a President is never really "off duty." I'm in the same sort of situation... I've gotten shit for the amount of time I'm not in the office from some of the lower level employees, but what they don't see (and C level does) is me sitting in an airport for 6 hours working remotely. The highlight of my Christmas was taking advantage of the offices being closed so I could do server maintenance without interrupting work.Time spent at a physical location (for Trump's role, at least) is irrelevant and complaining just makes liberals look whiny. There are so many damn things that you can criticize with his administration, why not target policy?
Why not be upset about both? It was a huge point he used to rally his base, to criticize his predecessor about any time he spent not at the white house. Only to turn around and do the same 8 fold, and in the process profit? It is kind of a double fuck you to those paying for it. Really it's a bigger fuck you to those who voted for him, (the kind you get behind a Ralph's, you know you pay for it, it's really bad, stinks, and now you are suffering the consequences) thinking he'd be golfing less. Not more, while making money by doing it. 
The only people who can punish him are Republicans. Yepppppp.
They should be responding with pitchforks and demanding prison time and nationalization of his assets. He likes being a nationalist? Let the nation take his stuff
Did you have to work a full year before getting them?
"All the stress" can come with many other jobs so that doesn't justify anything.
I doubt Trump suffers from stress. You have to give a shit to suffer from stress.
Some of us 'member when Bush stopped playing golf when people told him it looked bad.  Just saying.
Defending Trump is what makes Republicans sound stupid. 
Yeah the problem is less that's he's not literally at the white house, but that he A) complained multiple times about Obama golfing and taking vacation despite the fact that Obama golfed less than Trump and spent more time at the WHB) because Trump is staying at his own properties he is making money off of these trips and using these trips to promote his own brand I get that you can work remotely, but I also highly doubt that Trump is spending all of his time working while he's at Mar a Lagos both because of how many articles/photos I've seen of Trump golfing and how much he reportedly watches TV. 
This is a man who bitched incessantly about Obama golfing during his campaign. Then he proceeds to become President and golf even more. But you are right.  It is just one of many examples of the lying hypocrisy in his administration and there are many that could be areas of focus. 
I defended Bush over vacation days, his ranch in Texas was sometimes used over holidays to help the staff due to the reduced needs for security and being out of DC.I defended Obama over vacation days, Presidents can work from anywhere so location is not usually a concern.I will defend Trump on vacation days because again, Presidents can work from anywhere.I will not defend his funneling money into his pocket by playing golf and charging insane amounts to the Secret Service and such, this should be illegal.
I did not say I do not care about how many days he takes. I said that I care less about how many days he takes and more about how he is using it to funnel money to his properties. Even if he was taking an average amount of days compared to other presidents, I would still be concerned about it giving money to his properties.
Punish him in the midterm elections by voting people in that will hold him accountable.
I'm not talking about people on the Internet. I'm talking about watchdog groups, congress, fellow politicians, journalists, etc. Stories come out, like Trump's conflicts of interest for example, that are clearly true. They're never disproven, everyone talks about it like, "yep, that's illegal", and we move the fuck on. Nothing happens. Either they were lying about what they were "concerned" about or he actually is above the law. 
Until the Zodiac killer is found and tried for his crimes, I don't wanna hear a damn thing about Isis. 
A lot of office jobs start accruing 8-15 PTO (sick and vacation combined) right away.  Used to work in food service and it was something like 3-5 vacation and 2 sick first year.
"conducting actual productive meetings on golf courses."...A president with a sense of decency, intelligence, self-awareness, duty, decorum, forethought and integrity, perhaps. The inept, insecure, self-serving, narcissistic shitbag toddler currently soiling the WH? Not so much. 
Please tell me this is satire
I was more referring to the fact that their president, the man with the literally most important job in the United States, takes somewhere between a third and a quarter of the year as vacation.Imo he should be one of the hardest working individuals in the country. 
Im not a big trump guy but come on, hes the president which is one of the most stressful jobs on the planet. Look at how much each president aged over their term and tell me its not a stressful position 
Im on call 24hrs a day, 7days a week. 12 days vaca plus holidays. remind me again how trump has it worse? People making decisions for him, money to burn, not a care in the world if he fucks up the world. I think hes doing JUST fine. 
Because that's how people speak in real life. 
You are much more lenient than I am. In my mind these folks opted to be public servants. They have very cushy paces that they can go. Camp David etc. If they want to spend an abundance of time, A. not doing the job we pay them for, and B. not in on of the places we pay for them to be, they can cover the extra cost themselves. 
Correct.The president is supposed to be checked by congress. The GOP congress decided that their constitutionally mandated responsibility was optional because tax cuts, tax cuts, and more fucking tax cuts to the rich.Vote them out. Every last one.
Honestly, the less work he does the better.
Stress is working 3 jobs and still not being able to make ends meet. Presidenting the way Trump does it is  a round of golf and Big Macs on gold plates.
It is a stressful job yes. But you have to do the job to feel that stress. 
While most of your post is fairly logical, I find it difficult to compare a book which you have the option to buy vs forcing multiple people to go to your properties while also raising rates. 
> Campaign talk. Universally bullshit, even from candidates I actually like.Campaign talk is definitely a thing, but he was throwing insults at Obama way before he decided to run. > That seems to be a primary function of politics? Are you equally angry about Hillary Clinton's book sales? Although I will concede that there is a possible issue with him using his own properties, I have not personally looked into the issue nor read anything I would consider a reliable and impartial source for the implications. Personally, if I owned (and enjoyed) a resort, I'd probably stay there if I was a politician. To a degree I agree with this. Most big name politicians *will* benefit off of their office through book deals, paid speeches, and so on. I don't expect a Trump to never make money off the office - every politician does including Trump's opponents Bernie, HRC, and all the republicans he ran against in the primary. However I think there is a big difference between publishing a book and making money off of the secret service staying in your hotel. If you write a book about your time in office, someone *chooses* to publish it and people *choose* to buy it. The secret service and all other government officials who travel with trump aren't making an active choice to stay at his hotels - Trump chooses to go to Mar a Lago and the SS *needs* to pay to stay there to protection and his staff *needs* to pay to stay there to provide support. There is also the added concern that people can essentially pay to have access to the president by buying a membership. Also, even if trump is equally productive at Mar a Lago, he is spending significant more of airfare and SS and Cost Guard protection costs by taking these trips. To me if feels disingenuous for a politician who is constantly talking about cutting national debt and cutting funding to Social Security and Medicaid to be spending 1.5 million a month on airfare - half a million more a month than Obama. > So what? I don't care if Trump golfs. I care that Trump and his team claim he never golfs and these trips are all about work. 
Um, first of all he was talking shit about Obama before he ran.Secondly, Hillary was never President.Thirdly, yes you are judged on production when you are President and he has been a massive failure all year.Not only a failure, but also a horrible person. Racist, misogynistic, abusive, lying.So yeah, he should be criticized for also be a lazy fuck. He's not golfing, he is vacationing. Every weekend. On our dime, which he pays himself. Quit your bullshit water carrying. 
My problem with it is mainly that he is pouring millions of government money into his own pockets.  It costs a lot of money to house the President's entourage.However, I would prefer that he stays on the golf course for the rest of his presidency so that he accomplishes even less.
They are doing the job no matter what location they are in.  Bush's Ranch in Texas was actually very cost-effective to it required minimal security because of the large open spaces, giving the Secret Service a break as well as the White House staff but actually maintain the house.Presidents have a never-ending highly stressful job I think it's fair for them to have nice accomodations, however as with everything Trump seems to take it to an extreme.
> do you seriously prefer having less moneyFound the Goldman-Sachs guy.You know those cuts are scheduled to sunset while the breaks for corporations are permanent, right?  It's a friggin' scam, wake up.
There are still a lot of people happy with Trump 
I'm sure many Americans are considering it but it's not as easy as just picking up and going. Family ties, all the friends you've made and love, and everything else that keeps someone tied to living in a particular place are hard to forgo, especially when it would mean moving to a totally different country and dealing with visas/immigration/citizenship.
There are a lot more who aren't.  Most of his policy decisions have had a 20-30% approval rating.  The American people don't want Trump.
You have to care about things other than yourself and your image to experience true stress. He doesn't.
who's unsurprised the administration is lying (badly)?  me. 
He's probably got big important meetings of state on the golf course. Not like obummer who never did anything and at the same time worked so hard to ruin our country that he's not from!/s in case that's not obvious 
That shit eating grin on his mug... lord.
Well bust out the big box of crayons and color me shocked.
This just in, Donald Trump is lying sack of shit; details at 11.
I'm an independent who saw this on /r/all.  I'm usually on the fence politically and just want what's best for our country.   I'm rooting on President Trump to succeed, since he's in charge.  I don't like or hate him.However, this is ridiculous.  Why lie about golf?   They could have said he was having a golf meeting.   I've done it.  Plenty of business owners do it.   How dumb...EDIT:   I'm confused now.   I went back to the page and hovering over the photograph, it says "2015" from "SCOTLAND".    Is this fake?   EDIT #2:   YEP!   100% fake BS again...    UGH!!!!    So sick of this crap getting to my /r/ALL!Trump Turnberry ->  Address: Turnberry, Ayrshire KA26 9LT, United Kingdom
I don't mind him playing golf. It keeps him away from the nuclear codes. 
A lot of deals can take place on the golf course and their is nothing wrong in that, to the people complaining about the post, the problem is not that Trump is playing gold, the problem is the fact that white house representatives lied. Why the lie? 
A lot of bushiness is handled on the course. jus saying...
Dailykos guys? The first line calls an inanimate object racist.. there are so many things wrong with Trump, this is all you've got?
He doesn't even walk.  You aren't golfing if you're not walking.
Low energy? Golf is a strenuous game and requires a lot of energy! /s
No it doesn't. The football must be withing a few metres of the POTUS at all times AFAIK. 
Nothing's keeping you from going to Voat, you know.
So is honestly, intelligence, integrity, listening to smart people etc.  Those are reasons why Trump is a bad businessman, and could only sell his name to rubes.
You're right. I think the issue is the frequency and the lying. Also the unnecessary expense to tax payers 
I agree. However, it's one thing to play on the secure course owned by the government (such as at camp David or a military base). It's entirely another to only play on the courses of your personal business interests which create a huge cost burden to secure.It's the difference between a meeting and an advertisement.
Yeah, OK. That's why his administration tried to lie about where he was, right? Must've been some super secret business.
So you're completely fine with being lied to repeatedly? 
Yeah but when you go on camera saying youd never have time for golf if you were president its a tiny bit hypocrytical. Especially considering how much shit he gave Obama for playing. 
I don't know call me crazy but I think serious meetings should be held in a meeting room of some sort. 
/s for safety!But yeah they're leaking their swamp gas everywhere.
Golf carts and waiting.   There's actually quite a lot of downtime to chat.   Especially if you're any good and catch up to a slower group ahead of you.However, them lying about it is dumb.  They should have just came out and said he was having a golf meeting...EDIT: I'm confused now. I went back to the page and hovering over the photograph, it says "2015" from "SCOTLAND". Is this fake?EDIT #2: YEP! 100% fake BS again... UGH!!!! So sick of this crap getting to my /r/ALL!Trump Turnberry -> Address: Turnberry, Ayrshire KA26 9LT, United Kingdom
See the photo of Pussy-grabber in the golf cart?  I doubt he does much walking.
You're right, I apologize. I forgot you couldn't talk when you're both in the same golf cart right next to each other.
Obama did not golf 11 times in his first two months in office, or anywhere close to that. Also, the [hypocrisy is stunning](https://twitter.com/LyssAnthrope/status/843234064719106048/).
You might want to consider your alleged sources for your misinformation and do something about that, stat.President Obama didn't hit the links until April, after being in office three months, and didn't lie to the public about it.  Trump has been golfing **TEN** times in his first eight weeks, so often he lies about it.  Do understand the sheer magnitude of the difference here?  Trump has spent about as much taxpayer money on vacations in his first month than President Obama did in a *year*.Why aren't you outraged by this? 
If I remember correctly, he got plenty from republicans. Also, weren't those golf meetings with Boehner to help grease the wheels of congress?Edit: also, if we admit they're both wrong, can we do something about it now?
Neither of the two people you responded to have stated, at any point, that they can't or didn't talk but made a (admittedly pretty lame) joke about him not walking much. 
Why wouldn't they just say that he was golfing then? They told the press he was unavailable because he was in meetings and on phone calls. I don't know about you, but if I told my boss I was busy in meetings and he found me on the golf course I'd be fired.  Besides, the picture about him golfing is with a chef and a former Romney aide. What kind of important business is he discussing with them? 
You just helped me realise something. Trump has golfed 10 times already, and so people defend him by saying Obama did it 11 times. That is so uncreative.
Because Obama actually helped run our country in between golf trips. Trump has done nothing to help anybody but himself and his cronies, and you know it. Edit: and didn't take his first "presidential outing" until April. You know, when golf season starts? Trump has gone 10 times since taking office?
I have no idea what you're on, to me it's pretty obvious that they're making a bad joke about Trump being out of shape and not much of a walking guy. I don't see how they have to reference your point about them talking to be "valid" comments instead of "attempting to shift the conversation away". Sometimes a bad joke is just a bad joke and not some 'subtle' way of controlling the discussion. 
Well I'll be. I really didn't expect this. 
Is this real life?Edit: [It seems real.](https://www.politico.com/interactives/elections/2017/alabama/special-election/dec-12/) It seems he won by 20k votes. Alabama be redeemed for not electing a pedophile. State over party. Country over party. Remember this and hold onto it in the coming years. You have the power to reject the toxic elements of the republican party and rebuild it from the inside out. Vote in your republican primaries so you don't get another Roy Moore and can elect a republican worthy of representing your state, worthy of holding elected office in this country.
Oh yes! This is amazing. Not only is the Senate that much closer to Dem control, but now the Republicans in the Senate know that there are no safe seats. Trump went all in on this one 
I'm not, for one, sick of all this winning.
When we turn out, we win.  Everybody remember that.  
As an Alabamian, I'm so happy to see another Banon Trump failure. Run that pedophile Moore out of politics!
I have been engaging in Beto O'Rourke's campaign against Ted Cruz. Think that race looks a lot more promising tonight!!
Well, hopefully this will help derail that awful tax bill
The fact that it was still such a close vote is worrying man, I'm keeping myself and my kids far away from that State. Fuckers don't seem to care about protecting the constitution and kids at all. 
*Just vote.* That's really all there is to it. The entire conservative platform is based on building this false idea that there really aren't that many democrats, and that their votes don't matter, and that if they go to the polls they won't be able to vote anyway because of X or Y reason. *There were enough people voting democrat IN ALABAMA to win it.* Think about what that means for the rest of the country, where everyone except for the republicans has been convinced that they should stay home because their vote doesn't matter anyway. It's insane to think that people are so willing to consistently vote against their best interest for republican candidates and conservative policies. This election proved that, once the lies are dispelled, there are more than enough votes to make a difference.
Can't wait to see what Trump has to say on Twitter about this.
This could potentially place the senate under our control in 2019 
Good. Fuck those racists. We are on the right side of history.
Here come the democrats in 2018. 
I was in a pretty bum mood all day expecting a moore win. This is great!
War Eagle, and Roll Tide, too. Very proud of our state tonight.
One would think that not voting for a pedophile would be a pretty low bar.
Your state defended the constitution and democratic institutions by embracing reality and rejecting theocracy. You guys should be proud. True Patriots. 
Give him hell with that one!
The fact that it's Alabama I'd say 50/50 is insanely great. Yeah there's a lot of bigots in Alabama we knew that. 
"Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory. The write-in votes played a very big factor, but a win is a win. The people of Alabama are great, and the Republicans will have another shot at this seat in a very short period of time. It never ends!"
It's a 1.5% difference now it would be such a massive waste of money to do so. Even the Alabama secretary of state is against it. 
You mean like the white nationalist movements over confederate statues? 
Lol, dream on. The reason the NRSC officially pulled support was because they knew it was a lose/lose situation.
I think this is the right perspective. One can only hope that at least some people in Alabama start noticing their quality of life increase under Jones.
And this was a hail mary. I'll be thrilled with a toss up at this point. That and the momentum the future is looking much brighter than it did.
Yep, already bullshit on T_D about 'yuge vans full of illegals' voting...
Username checks out, haha. War Eagle. But seriously, we are all winners tonight. I am so proud that my state stood alone in the spotlight, in front of the entire nation, and chose human decency over bigotry, xenophobia, homophobia, and hate. Both Tuscaloosa AND Lee Counties were blue tonight, so cheers all around!
Alabama is still part of the US, mang. Fucked up as they may be, those are still our countrymen. 
Huh....that has to be drafted by a publicist. Can people still check the api for what os posted the tweet? Trump tweets from Android, anything else can be believed to be from a staffer.
Living in Texas I'm even more optimistic about Beto O'Rourke ousting Ted Cruz now.Time to donate an additional sum to O'Rourke!
The irony is that Alabama has voter ID laws. This literally couldn't happen. 
Alabamans really came through for America . We are all pretty embarrassed this even came up
Give him a few hours, we'll see if he feels the same like 4 am
At least I saw some level headedness there. Some realize Moore was a fuck and they can even argue the candidate Luther Strange would of easily won
*Now* they do, yesterday those comments would have been deleted for dissent.
Most of the normal comments are already being removed in massEdit Just got banned for calling out a guy for being racist and a nazi. The mod literally called me a nazi because I pointed out if you hold a view that nazis are good don't expect any one to say your an amazing person 
New York 2018 Election [State Primary Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): September 13, 2018 [General Election Registration Deadline](https://voterreg.dmv.ny.gov/MotorVoter/): October 12, 2018 [General Election Date](https://voterlookup.elections.state.ny.us/votersearch.aspx): November 6, 2018Edit: can't reply because racists showed up and the thread is locked, but I'm considering moving the state primary to a different batch of info, since it's causing some confusion. But yes, there is another [(state-level) primary in September](https://www.elections.ny.gov/).
Three things the Democratic Party must support to maintain any future momentum:A modern single-payer healthcare system including reproductive rights, a equally funded and affordable non-profit educational system and systemic reform in voting rights which abolishes the Electoral College.These should be non-compromise issues.
Verified tweet:https://twitter.com/Ocasio2018/status/1016704302147096576In the future, please post the actual Twitter link, not an image capture.
"Don't talk to me or my son again"- yacht
What is the 2 trillion dollars shes talking about and how was it used? I can imagine they made some sort of "tiny yacht in a bigger yacht subsidy" 
Also improve the laws around campaign donations.  Stop big business from buying votes.  Make it more like other countries with checks & balances where running for office isn't done just as a way to make a profit. 
Obviously not a mod or OP, but as a social media consumer, I'd prefer both. The image will always attract more engagement while the link provides verification of authenticity. Just my 2 bits.
If i was scrolling the front page, and saw a twitter link without a picture or something, i wouldn't waste my time clicking on it.
The Republican tax scam bill cut taxes on the very rich and has added two trillion to the debt. Thats what she was talking about in a humorous and snarky way.
Why can't we frame political ideals, THEN work on them becoming a reality? Why do we have to go "No, that won't work. Forget it." We are "the greatest country on earth." We can't get people together and try to figure out how to make universal healthcare a reality? We can't look into investing into our children and provide them with higher education? There might ultimately be things that are unworkable, but there is nothing wrong with envisioning and trying to realize a society we want, with all of its citizens protected, healthy and educated. 
I don't know what you said means, but, as a center-left/left democrat, I see what her point is. Trump just gutted more federal funding that helps low income individuals get the healthcare they need to "save money". This comes after the 2 trillion dollar tax cut for the richest Americans (a small portion to middle class as well, that is temporary).It doesn't make any fiscal sense and clearly is an attempt to hurt healthcare and blame it on the Affordable Care Act.
Using terminology that is simultaneously disparaging to both people with mental challenges and your own father doesn't seem to promote unity. Maybe that's just me. 
Except for all the democratic socialist countries that are currently thriving... 
Socialist Free Market systems have some of the happiest people in the world. People like to smear Socialism with Communism or Fascism of the 1930s and 40s.  
You're talking about Trump faking being a billionaire, a best selling book writer, a successful business man etc... right? 
Rich people should just call all the shots and write the entire budget right? 
How will the socialist party survive?
>Just because one person steals money from me doesn't mean im ok with another person stealing from me. So no.Everyone that has that attitude changes it when they need chemo or more than a band-aid in hospital care. You seem short-sighted in your view that paying into group healthcare is somehow stealing when you get a benefit you absolutely will need and always at a time when you least expect it. Unless you're a rich motherfucker, because then you get to heap on as much callousness as you like.
Tax isn't theft because it pays for services we all enjoy. Tax benefits for the ultra wealthy not so much.But if you think taxes are theft, you're welcome to go live someplace where you stay off our roads and don't use our fire department, police, or EMTs.
If you can't handle the responsibility of living in a first world country please do everyone else a favor and leave.
Yes, I agree. This is probably the biggest issue I have. Perhaps a public-funding option would help resolve the issue. 
1. If corporations are people, then deport them.  They're not citizens.  -OR-  They are not people.  IF I have several people in my mind trying to get expression, I as a person still only get one vote.  But a corporation has several people trying to get expression, yet the corporation gets to express itself as well as each of those individual people.  Why should those people have more voting shares than the rest of us?  Fucking end this.2. Make knowingly accepting foreign campaign donations an offense equal to treason.  But to make that work you have to require that all donations be publicly reported and put an end to the shadow-donation nonsense.3. Require issue-related SuperPACs not reference any specific candidates.  Vote yes/no on a proposition.  Vote against a bill.  Vote for politicians that support an issue.  But no "such and so is the devil, our such and so is a savior."  Leave it to voters to know who represents what and to candidates to educate the people as to their positions.I can probably come up with more. vOv  Just spitballing.
> It requires a constitutional amendment,This is the best part. It actually let's the people decide. If they decide to keep the system, then that is that. But it will be decided by a per state popular vote. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_CompactIt's an idea which has been gaining momentum so it's hardly "tilting at windmills".
Without the electoral college,New York and California  make all the decisions.Direct democracy is just mob rule, the founders understood  that.
The electoral college itself allows individual States to impose their will upon the country. It's what gives States their voting power. Swing States are given a massive significance and elections can come down to the need to influence a few thousand voters in order to swing an election, something Russia took great advantage of in the last election. For a popular vote your message has to reach and convince the vast majority of Americans.A straight popular vote is representative of the will of the people while the electoral college is representative of the will of the States. I think it's an important distinction to make, a popular vote would be the people deciding what President they want. The electoral college disenfranchises many minority party individuals (Republican, Democrat, or others) within States that do not get a say when their State goes all for one party or the other.I can understand the desire for the Presidency to represent lands regardless of their population. That's what the Senate is for though.
The Electoral College has failed and is likely compromised. Discounting the votes of over 3 million people makes a mockery of even the limited democracy of the US. And it concerns only one office, so claims of undue influence and representation based on population is specious.Of course this doesn't even take into account that the Electoral College was created to give slave-holding states unequal representation in Presidential elections making it a horrific anachronism in the current era.
>  taxpayer funded abortions This is a right-wing talking point based on religious superstition and anti-tax rhetoric. Single-payer health-care systems exist in every modern industrialized country. Specific healthcare decisions should remain between a patient and their doctor. The religious superstitions of any specific church group should never limit the rights of anyone.
Also, the text on the far side of the link is accessible to visually impaired people.
Same. I actually dont have Twitter so when it's just a link I can't actually see it. That sounds like a 'me' problem though 
We have Donald trump as president. People like critics more than problem solvers. People enjoy tearing down more than building up. We would rather talk about how a program that works pretty well fails in a few areas than where it succeeds in most. 
I honestly don't understand the insistence on a new-New Deal amongst Democrats. The New Deal was done as a stimulus during the Great Depression when the money supply was cyclically and artificiually reduced. Pumping the economy was necessary but all the good works that the Roosevelt Administration was investing in actually led to a secondary recession ("double dip") in 1937 and it wasn't until the *massive* WWII build up that we pulled out of the Depression.It's pretty easy to pull out of the Depression when almost your entire workforce goes off to war and those that stay home need to constantly build bombs and tanks. 
Where does that logic end? Why should they pay for schools, it's their own money? Why should they pay for roads or police? It's their own money! Why should they pay for an army, it's their own money? 
For federal elections I think that's honestly way too low.  
With the electoral college, Michigan and Florida make all the decisions.
>Single-payer health-care systems exist in every modern industrialized country.Why do people keep repeating this? It's not even close to true.
The chart is misleading, in the long run the cuts for the ultra rich are permanent and the cuts for everyone else are temporary. Also, due to the way the thing was designed there's the appearance of tax cuts for the lower 99&#37;, but it doesn't really work out to that much in terms of actual taxes.
It did, we dumped shitloads of subsidized corn on Mexico making it so they couldn't farm unsubdized corn. 
Opt out and go off the grid. 
People work on weekends too. My state has early voting and you can vote at any polling place, no matter your precinct, which lasts 2 weeks before election day. It seems like the most convenient system there is, that I'm aware of. People can vote wherever they find themselves closest (whether it's work, home, or just somewhere they happen to be..) without basically any time restraints. We also have mail in ballots for elderly or disabled people but that system isn't as great because you have to request them within a certain time period and stuff. It should be for everyone.
> Together, they have 172 electoral votes, which is 32.0% of the total Electoral College and 63.7% of the electoral votes needed to give the compact legal force. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/National_Popular_Vote_Interstate_CompactWhile an amendment would be the best solution, this is close to be *a solution*.
The idea is that states,in themselves have interests,would an agricultural state have the same policy interests as an industrial state?
People have a hard time accepting how socialized our farm to table industry is. Urban and suburban republicans are especially out of touch with the massive government everyday influence and reach in the farm to table process. 
You don't understand bankruptcy laws, especially those going on back then. 
which had international markets open up due to NAFTA.... 
Unfeasible policies like building a wall through private property and having Mexico pay for it? 
I'm sure there's an overpass or stand of trees you can live out of. Just stay off the roads and sidewalks, please. 
Because it wouldn't be *all* of the country deciding. It would be 3 cities.
Hey guess what, you already pay for abortions! Your fight was lost a long time ago. Assuming you have insurance, even through your job (which for some reason gets treated like a different kind of insurance for some asinine reason... It's the same shit and you do pay for it in part). You're already paying premiums that go into a pool of money that the insurance company uses to pay out other people insured who are getting abortions. So whether it's the gubmint (single payer) or blue cross, does it really matter? 
Like I said, you don't understand the bankruptcy laws. You don't have a clue about things like debt and restructuring or protecting assets, or personal vs. corporate bankruptcy or anything else. Honestly, go do some research, you have no clue what you are saying.
To be less of an ass about it though, you still use services even if you don't "use" them.You benefit from educated and healthy kids. You benefit from police solving and preventing crimes. If your neighbor's house catches fire, you benefit from the fire department preventing it from spreading.You benefit from the govt developed vaccines that helped eradicate diseases and make us all healthier.We're not islands. Taxes benefit us even if we don't see the direct benefit. We breathe air processed by the Amazon rainforest.for goodness sake. 
That's literally how America works. Taxes are legal. Who am I? I am an American citizen. If you don't like taxes... as you say, "sorry but tough".  That is how our entire society is structured. It's a key bedrock of what we have. Oh and we also have free speech and I can ask yacht buyers anything I want.
Switzerland, Belgium, France, Germany and I believe Japan all have multiipayer healthcare systems.
Was this fact checked? If so, this is funny as shit.
Imagine if he does resign before Jan 20th in order for Pence to pardon him.  Then you can make a 4th bubble and he'll still be at the intersection of all 4 :D
Truly the worst president in US history, all aspects considered.
Lost the popular vote TWICE.... this is great
Those seeing this post, please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out the "Get Involved" tab on  https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
Donald Duck is going to do everything in his power until January 21st to get back at people who voted him out.
Need the same kind of diagram for his qualificationsNever:* Served in the military* Served in public office * Attained advanced college degreeHe would be alone in the center of that diagram.
Yeah but the 2nd time in him losing the presidency.
Came here to say this.  That is a record as well right?
Hayes (bearded guy in the bottom right) should be moved to the overlap between one-term and lost popular voteCleveland served two terms (albeit non-consecutively) and shouldn't be on there at all It's odd that Johnson and Ford (both of whom succeeded to the presidency) are counted as one-term, but others, such as Arthur and Tyler, are omitted altogether.Other than that? Yeah, it's completely accurate.Bonus points for the color-coded outlines, especially since the creator used the official colors for the Federalists and Democratic-Republicans
You need to be convicted first.
I'm still not sure if he's worse than Jackson. I mean, trashed the economy, ignored laws and tradition, appealed to hate, rounded up thousands of minorities and put them in camps - but then again, Jackson did at least serve as a soldier, so maybe Trump is worse after all.
No one knows what trumps future holds but we all have to remember that he can run again at any time. Let's make sure he loses if he does.
Donald Trump is a Two Time Loser. Worst of all, his boyfriend Lil Kim no longer wants anything to do with him.*SAD!*
Donald Trump alludes to having an MBA from Wharton school of business at Penn. He does not have an advanced degree. He was a Penn transfer from Fordham college who did a few undergrad classes related to a real estate certification in the Wharton buildings. He apparently had sub-par grades for Penn, but his father paid someone to take SATs for him and gifted Penn some money. Donald's niece related that Donald's elder sister did his college homework for him (but that he bombed the tests, of course). Lots of reasons Donald Trump has sued his high school through colleges to prevent his old transcripts from being released. I'm personally 80% certain the guy can't read above a 5th grade level.
Which is what this shows, right?
You mean the award where anyone can nominate anyone, we really don't care, do you?
I mean most people who lose also lose the popular vote, so Ross Perot has a bunch of popular losses, but Trump's the only one to lose it twice while winning one term.
Cleveland shouldn't really be there, either.
I forget that.  A often overlooked presidency.
Nope.  Ford blanket-pardoned Nixon for all of his shit.However, a lot of Trump's charges are state-level in NY and SDNY.
For all of Jackson's flaws he was no coward.
I thought you were listing the things Trump did for a sec lol
Don't understate Jackson. He dismantled the Bank of the United States over a petty dispute. He threw the financial markets into turmoil that lasted for years and permanently altered the monetary policy of US. Trump would have needed to disband the Federal Reserve to do something comparable.But yes, he was a brilliant general who worked with native Americans (in stark contrast to how he would turn his back on them later) to win the Battle of New Orleans.
Trump is Sarah Palin with a worse personality. I think we will all be amazed at how quickly his star will fall. Like Palin, he will be doing low rent late night infomercials before the end of the decade. I hope this taint (and investigations) sticks to the offspring and enablers and they all become persona non grata in most circles frankly. No careers as pundits, etc. The real threat I think is a slicker less offensive Paul Ryan type. Although right now I think a devious power hungry wannabe demagogue like an Ollie North could walk in and take over the party lime Trump did.
Yeah. He served for two terms. Only that selfish bad w*rd Benjamin Harrison who couldn't wait for his turn.
Well. He is the only president who wasn't voted for president nor vice president. He became VP after Spiro Agnew resigned as VP in October 1973, and Nixon resigned as POTUS in August 1974.
This was never tested in court. It is not clear that a blanket pardon works nor a pardon for charges not yet filed.
Also a good point, though that meant he was pretty prone to violence. Not sure that him being his own thug is a lot better.
Yeah basically the same idea except trump also mismanaged a pandemic killing over 250k Americans.
I was listing some of the overlap. Depressing, isn't it?
I doubt you're dumb. You just missed it. Easy to do.
Until covid id definitely have argued against Trump being the absolute worst. However his administrations response to this is the biggest bungling of something in the history of the country. He knew full well the dangers and threw Americans straight into a viral wood chipper. Its unforgivable. Its disgusting. He is far beyond the worst president we've ever had. I dont expect anyone will come close for generations to come.
Just wait till Lou Dobbs or Sean Hannity end up on the next Republican ticket.  70 million people voted for objectively the worst president. Gladly, religiously.America gets a tiny breather, but the danger of this happening again in 2024 is very real.
This is all mind boggling how we have come to this and half the people in this country think what these devils are doing is somehow good for them.    
This honestly seems like grandstanding. I can't think of any reason the government should intervene into exactly how a company conducts business besides "people should be payed more money". That's a wage/price control and we should be very careful about imposing them, more so than "just because".
Hahaha. This is basically Democrats telling the cons to enforce their own failed economic theory, even cons concede with this vote that supply-side economics isn't about raising the wages of the working classes. It's about saying "thank you" to their sponsors.
Republican don't have a moral compass, wtf do they stand for
Less than half.These senators represent a vocal minority.
they might be millionaires one day and having to pay taxes is this imaginary world is unthinkable...
It's super easy to trick stupid people as long as you present ideas in a way that appeals to their hate and fears.Want to cut their healthcare access and increase their rates? Just tell them people they dont like will be negatively effected and they'll ignore any effect on their life "Those welfare queens wont be using your tax dollars to live like royalty anymore!"How about restricting access to higher education? Appeal to their insecurity and hate for people they see as better than themselves "Those damn eggheads have gotten a free ride for too long!"Want to allow yourself to spy on every aspect of their lives, deny the right to a trial, and whisk people away to foreign soil to be tortured? Just tell them ethnic groups want their race to die off "Those brown people hate your way of life and want to kill you and your family because you are free!"I would say easily half our country is what I would call functionally retarded. 
Half the voting block of this country is zombie brained.It's so embarrassing to be associated with these shit for brains republicans that elect corrupt shitheads for office.
We're not fucked.It can all be fixed by voting. Being apathetic and lazy is what caused this.Every Democrat needs to get their family and friends out to vote. GG GOP
