Isn't resigning the position while Trump is already cleaning house making the Pentagon even more vulnerable?
It's unbelievable to me the things this president is willing to do to hurt America.>One of the few members of the Defense Business Board to survive a recent purge has resigned from the Pentagon advisory group in protest, CNN first reported.>In his resignation letter, Steve Blank wrote that by purging advisory boards and filling them with allies of President Donald Trump, the Trump administration had "put the nation's safety and security at risk.">The purge of the Defense Business Board last week followed the removal of most of the Defense Policy Board late last month.>The Trump administration has also purged much of the Pentagon's civilian leadership, clearing the way for loyalists to fill top posts.
So Trumpsters, tell me how this is good for America?
Dont worry, soon Biden will fire all loyalists when he become president after Jan 20.
So now he has to be replaced and trump gets to replace him. Does this guy not understand that ?
Seriously. I understand the sentiment, but wouldn't it make more sense to just stay in place and fuck up as much shit as possible for Trump while you can?
governme t positions tend to be hard to remove onces filled,trump definitely trying to "deep state" himself
I donated last week, and have some time to volunteer this and next week. Let's do this!
>In December 2016, Gates wrote to Ivanka Trump that he was "a bit worried about the optics of PIC [Presidential Inaugural Committee] paying Trump Hotel a high fee and the media making a big story out of it,Damn. Remember when *that* was the most corrupt thing coming out of the White House. Simpler times.
Finally!!I have the popcorn ready!>Ivanka Trump, the President's daughter and adviser, sat for a deposition Tuesday with investigators from the Washington, DC, attorney general's office as part of its lawsuit alleging the misuse of inaugural funds, according to a court filing.
This was a long time coming.
Under oath?/republicans don't go under oath, it's like mafia.//Just realized the entire problem, the Republican Mafia is not a political party anymore.
No wonder Trump Jr, Eric, Ivanka and Lara are panicked tweeting the conspiracies.
Wow.The corruption that the WH has approved is abhorrent.
What's great is that she was *forced* to do it. She didn't just say "executive privilege" or some bullshit and fly to Moscow.
How much you wanna bet people are calling this the QAnon kraken BS. **Finally, they've got Hillary and Obama lined up on that campaign finance stuff Ivanka's got dirt on.***Definitely* not anything to do with Trump. Squeaky clean, that guy.
Yes.I hope it goes public so we can see it.
Yes.Someone is going to testify.Under oath. No more ignoring a summons or Congressional Hearing.
DC to Moscow is a long time to spend on a broomstick.
Well, they did that whenever Democrat sent subpoena and they ignored it, but not for long once they become citizen then they'd might be on run.
Did America "defund" education, or did they "reform" education?
I actually agree with Obama on this one. 'Defund the Police' is not a good slogan. It's done a lot of damage. I'm from Minnesota myself and right after George Floyd I saw something I've never seen before. Right wingers sympathizing with the BLM movement which lasted right until Defund the Police showed up. We need to remember that we live in a democracy, meaning that we have to compromise on somethings somewhere. All of y'all running around saying that it's either your way or the highway are behaving in an authoritarian manner.  I'd gladly compromise on the superficial in the slogan than to go nowhere sticking to the exact aesthetic of my beliefs.
If there is one thing you count on, its for Obama to always negotiate against himself. Just glad to be on the other side for once.
Its all about sending a certain message that will appeal to a lot of different people.  Its called marketing 101.  If you don't sent the right comprehensive message that doesn't scare people, then it will fall on a lot of ears.  Otherwise, it will fall on deaf ears.
I get what you're saying, but there wasn't a "Defund Education" slogan - because no one would have supported something packaged and marketed that way.For the record, I'm all in favor of re-funding education and defunding police. But "Defund the Police" is an awful slogan - because, as cleverer folks than I have pointed out, a slogan you have to explain to people is a bad slogan.
ask for defunding, lose elections because people hate the idea, idea of police reform ends. Shit strategy, zero results.
"Black Lives Matter" is a good slogan and is pretty popular.
Half the country thought BLM meant white lives don't matter. There could never be a good slogan.
The middle ground between a good thing and a bad thing is not the kind of middle ground we should aim for
Yeah, Obama found the middle ground on a healthcare plan that gave insurance companies more money, and failed to cement an actual healthcare system that couldn't be easily dismantled by the cheeto in chief. Every bill of any actual usefulness to the country he compromised on BEFORE he offered to the republicans.
Defunding implies removing all funding for police.
The left certainly has an extreme end, but in general the left is aligned with what I believe to be the right side of history. Believe me, the last thing I want to do is compromise with the assholes who enabled trump, fuck republicans... tha said there are a lot of people who will vote and do vote for them because the extreme left scares them. We need those people. You see what happens when they are pushed to vote Republican... progress takes time. Sometimes you start with somthing watered down and you work your way up... like trying to gain the trust of a wild animal.
Yes. Language matters. Protesting for defunding police leaves people thinking they might not have police with that plan.
Libertarian here.  There was a time when I would have said that clarifying something like this was a waste of time.   But recently I have learned that too many of our laws are actually just gentlemanly agreements and need to be codified.  I never would have said we needed to clarify self-pardons, or the rules for when an election campaign fund can start, or a million other norms that it turns out are not legally required to be followed.At this point, anything with room for interpretation has proven to be a weak point.  We need to close all of these loopholes NOW before the next (more competent) guy tries to exploit them again. We won't be so lucky next time.
This needs to happen so that there is no ambiguity. Slavery is __not__ permitted.
He really needs to also publicly shame Mitch McConnel and the rest of the gop senate who are responsible for a lot of this stagnation.  Shine the light on them.
I honestly believe that he just has a stack of executive orders ready to go... like one to reverse *every* Trump order and re-implement an Obama era thing.
That can only happen if the Senate (currently controlled by the Republicans) and the House of Representatives (currently controlled by the Democrats) __agree.__With Senator McConnell?He hates everyone and everything. At least? That's how it appears. Good luck with that, America!
Georgia senate race looks really promising as someone who lives here. There's tons of warnock support in red counties like Cherokee and Laurens. I think him being a priest really helps his chances and the fact he's running against Kelly Loeffler, the richest member of the senate
I agree, if the GOP retains control of the Senate, it's unlikely Biden will be able to get much passed. But maybe there might be some way to find the compromise position, even with McConnell. This is supposedly Biden's strength. I'd much rather that the Georgia seats flip and the GOP loses control, but I am not counting on it.
Recent polling has only taught me to be pessimistic.
This has to be challenged by prosecuting these individuals. If people can commit crimes on behalf of a President expecting a pardon the rule of law is dead and the Constitution is meaningless.
How Giuliani still has his license is beyond me. The Bar could have revoked his license for 10 different things.
>The former New York mayor is the focus of a federal criminal investigation into whether he violated foreign lobbying laws through his dealings in Ukraine and his involvement in the abrupt firing of Marie Yovanovitch as the US's ambassador to Ukraine.Is that all? I thought it would be much more.Maybe it'll filter out for years.Charges being discussed, negotiated, filed...President Trump should remember Attorney Cohen.
How does a preemptive pardon even work? Surely a president, governer, or whatever can't absolve people of crimes they haven't even been tried for yet.
 I'm sure drumpf is going to issue a LOT of pardons "We didn't commit any crimes, we're bigly innocent, but those darn dems.....well I'm just gonna pardon us all for everything even though they weren't crimes."
Truly needs to be looked at.
As an Arizona Democrat, Fuck Doug Ducey. He's enabled and supported Trump vocally for years, I'm not giving him a pass just because he reluctantly draws the line at obvious election fraud. If Ducey thought Trump could get away with stealing the election he'd be all in. I do love to see the "GOP" imploding though.
Go to Twitter to thank Arizona Voters instead
No. His personal ringtone for Trump's call is "Hail to the Chief"What a fucking suck up.
He doesn't need to be thanked for doing his constitutional duty. Same for Georgia's governor. Trump needs to go the fuck away. I'm so fucking tired of him. I'm tired of his goddamn cultist supporters claiming he's the best thing for America and one went so far as to say Biden voters will suffer God's wrath for not voting for Trump! JFC!
Right on. The "lets' come together" stuff is bullshit. Let them eat their own.
We all know plans are different than reality, but here is what his website says, in a nutshell, on the issue:Repeal gun manufacturer civil lawsuit protections, assault rifle ban, high capacity mag ban, increased gun ownership requirements including background/mental health check and gun registration processes, assault rifle and high capacity mag federal buyback program, restrictions on new gun ownership to one purchase per month max, closing various legal loopholes, online firearm sale ban, incentivize state gun licensing and "extreme risk" gun removal laws.[https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/#](https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/#)
Not much of a thing with McConnell around
Hopefully close the gun show loophole, reinstate Obama era ban on people collecting ssdi benefits from buying guns, hopefully nothing else. Seems crazy to want crazy people to have guns. Republikkklan priorities are silly, more important for crazy people to buy guns than to get crazy people off the government tit. Lmao
Take the guns if you own a 7 foot tall truck?
It's fairly typical Republican nonsense. If they couldn't run against abortion and reasonable gun laws they wouldn't exist.
Buddy.... your AR-15 won't protect you from the government anymore. What are you going to do when your power and all utilities are turned off, bank accounts frozen, drones circling your home, tanks or mraps outside your house, snipers on rooftops quarter or half a mile away, 25 SWAT fully armed and wearing full armor surrounding your house?What if they wait for night, and use night vision? What if they throw smoke grenades and use thermal? I think the excuse of owning an AR-15 or any semi automatic or fully automatic to protect from the government is such an outdated excuse.
I am completely undecided on this, but what, to you, constitutes an 'assault rifle', if **not** the AR -15?
Just because you believe something does not make it the truth.
They could require background checks. Got my Glock at a gun shop. Works just fine.
Not op but from a leftist perspective taking away guns would help prevent the 15,000 fatal shootings deaths per year. Very rarely are mass shootings prevented by a person with a concealed carry permit. Also other western nations with stricter gun regulations have much lower gun deaths. I also personally believe the 2nd amendment is misinterpreted and obsolete in the modern era. It should be removed or they should reinstate the well organized militias and if you want to own a firearm especially a rifle you should have to enlist in the militia and attend training sessions.
According to the feds an *assault rifle* is a selective-fire rifle capable of automatic fire. So not anything you can get readily since the 80s. The "AR" part of AR-15 stands for Armalite Rifle, they were the first company to hold the patent for the design.
An AR-15 is not an assualt rifle, without the proper licensing it remains a semi automatic not automatic.
It varies by state, and I swear this shit changes monthly, but almost any firearm can be considered an assault weapon. It's more that a gun has x-number of features/modifications than anything.If you're in the right state you could have a Ruger 10/22 which isn't good for much more than shooting squirrels, slap a pistol grip and a threaded barrel and have it classified as an assault weapon. Hell, in some states just having a specific name can classify a firearm as an assault weapon.
Bruh I fucking love that you clarified what the AR meant thank you!
I'm not a gun guy, I don't know a ton about them, I'm hoping that my elected representatives either know more or have staff that can research the topic, but of course not all reps do the work we expect them to do (plus lobbyists).  So, serious question:  What criteria should the ATF/States be using to limit the kinds of guns that can or cannot be held by civilians?  Other than the old "selective-fire rifle capable of automatic fire" restriction (which everyone seems to agree on), magazine size seems like the most straightforward to me.  I've been told that part of the problem with the AR-15 is the large amount of kinetic energy the bullets hold relative to their size.  Is this a real thing?  If so is there a kinetic energy limit we could use that would make more sense than the current regulations?Trying to learn/have a real discussion.
To be overly simplistic, liberals think current issues are symptomatic and leftists think current issues are systemic. Liberals believe the ideas in place are largely functional but need "tweaks" while leftists want to go tabula rasa on it all.
ATF says its a pistol of all things but if I throw the 22 receiver in it I'm a felon since its a rifle. Can't put a muzzle brake on it with the 223 rounds. In today's America its a little difficult to know exactly what you own.
There's literally a definition ensconced in law which it doesn't meet
Thank you, growing up in a southern family has clearly dampened my knowledge on the left.
I used to consider Trumpers a joke to be laughed at but I don't find much to be amused at any more. Trump got 70 million damn votes. I expected him to lose by 30 million votes. I don't know what has happened to our country.
I found a very good comment under a video on yt where mccain was campaigning against Obama and you got these lunatics walking nonsense about Obama being an Arab and a threat. Mccain defended him, which was just classy but paraphrasing the comment : America did not change, nothing has happened to the country. It was always full of those racists. With trump they just became mainstream again.
I saw that video. I also saw the one where McCain conceeded. He said some very classy things, especially considering how hord-fought the campaign was. Seems so long ago.
They're all saying: "trump keeps making false claims".  They're all thinking: "trump has become deranged, unable to cope with reality"&#x200B;aside: Newsweek really has become a shit web site.  How many ads do they think that they can they cram into a single page?
I dont get why noone puts an injunction on him.If i nonstop tell bullshit and insinuate fraud, i would face legal consequences in no time... he could prove his words or stfu.
Because they've made the argument that a sitting republican president can't be held legally responsible for anything
Trump has never served the people. That's the whole problem with his presidency. He's a selfish, narcissistic shit stain on society.
trump has never served anyone but himself in his entire life.
Fix the title.... OUTGOING republican congressman.All of these bastards talk shit about Trump... right before/after they're about to write that book.But speak to any of them while actually in office... crickets.
And many other horrible things.He is the worst president known in US history.
So true.Which is why he thinks his behavior is normal.
Exactly. There is no heroism in calling out a bully when you are safely separated from him.
Definitely serving the planned agenda of President Trump, obviously.  President Trump has changed American jurisprudence for decades to come.When President Obama was in office, the Republicans would not approve appointments he wanted to make.>Republicans won control of the Senate in 2014. From that point on, the numbers show how hard it was for Obama to seat the people he put forward.>Scholars have referred to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's actions during this time as a blockade of judicial appointments," said Michigan State political scientist Ian Ostrander. "Very few judicial nominations were successful during the 114th Congress," We will have to see.But I'm afraid.>During the two years before Republicans took the Senate, Obama had a confirmation success rate of nearly 90%. Afterward, the confirmation rate fell to 28%.Information regarding judicial appointments during the Obama presidency [here](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/oct/02/donald-trump/fact-check-why-barack-obama-failed-fill-over-100-j).Edits - spelling, syntax.
Actually you're right. I've understated Trump in my previous post. He's not only never served the people, much of the time he's actually undermined the people, and the environment, and national security, and international relations...
Yes. Yes. Yes.All of these things and more.I'm past flabbergasted and shocked.I'm at the angry and frustrated stage.
I mean.. this is the point of a recount, right? To make sure the final count is accurate, regardless of the outcome.
And it only cost Trump $23,000 a vote.
We've got some time before Dec 14.  Should we recount Florida?
When is New York, Iowa and California going to complete their vote counts? I am anxious about the final House votes for 7 candidates. For crying out loud, Georgia just finished counting their votes THREE times?what is taking so long?
And it only cost drumpf three million dollars to get his ass kicked in worse than before.
But are they willing to accept the recount? It's never been about accuracy of votes just it didn't go their way.
The Art of the Deal at work
Yea Art screwed up big time! He should fire Art.
You have taken the first step to open dialogue. I would say yes, let's chat.
Yea, I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Saturday.Also, about those TPS reports.
Big tent. Big tent. Big tent.
I would say yes. It's always refreshing to hear different viewpoints when they are expressed in good faith.
Center right against Trump...so from the perspective of 95% of the Republican party you're a communist fanatic who hates America.  Sure, welcome to the club.
We need that type of dialogue in this country
This world, and sub, are big enough for all of us as long as we all agree to express ourselves respectfully and listen to each other with that same level of respect.
Once we get passed the crimes and corruption, and things like agreeing that we should have a country ruled by laws, you're likely to find people don't agree with you much on substance here.I personally would like our country to have \_much\_ higher taxes on inheritance and extreme wealth, and would use that to fund expanded government programs like universal healthcare, free housing and food for everyone.  I believe workers should be encouraged to unionize, and I believe the minimum wage should be enough for a single 40/week job to provide a good middle class quality of living.  You will get reasoned discussion about all those things if you want to take the opposite side though.
With the exception of the bottom two comments this is why I love liberals.And since the other side has turned into a cult, we really do need to accept anyone who doesn't want to be part of it.
United states has one right wing with two parties. What passes for liberal in the u.s. would be flat out right-wing anywhere else. the US is significantly to the right of all other western and industrialized countries. You are welcome but I doubt that you are actually a liberal.
One of us   One of us
They claim liberals to be the snowflakes, but then they act like one.
I got a lifetime ban from r/communism , so it's not just conservative subreddits that do this.  Back to the topic ar hand, I think Trump has been an embarrassment and has brought shame to the Office of the President of the United States, which is supposed to have some dignity...
Can I ask why are you against Trump? I hate him. He is a racist ("they are drug dealers...") and sexist ("grab them by the pussy", "the best sex is sex with damaged women"). Trump is to blame for all the manospherean propaganda infecting the minds of young boys.
See, I feel like this is what keeps both sides staying in their corners. While I can't pick very many politicians in DC in the GOP that I like... to say normal citizens or even state level politics that side with right of center political views are just wrong or have no principles is why many on the right didn't vote for Biden. Again, the DC GOP is a cesspool as far as I'm concerned but voters are not all wrapped in the same cloth.People in different parts of the country have very different views and they shouldn't just be discredited as "wrong". I do think that people right of center are more inclined to be single issue voters unfortunately though. Guns, abortion, immigration, religion. But they feel very strongly about certain things.
I like to ruin parties by saying I'm conservative.  As in, protect the environment, get wealth inequality down by taxing the rich, properly funding schools, and keeping religion out of government, and vis versa.  I'd be a 1950's Republican, so that makes me a 2020 democrat.  Also I'm pretty far left on race and gender equality, etc.
An accusation from a republican is usually confession.
I was banned for simply asking why people support him. Like real policy reasons.
These "both sides" arguments doesn't fly. Those on the left don't want to take a women's rights to choice what they do with their own body, they don't advocate against taking away healthcare, they don't support racism. And that is just a few things on top of my head. And anyone that voted for trump isn't worthy of any respect.The unity message is nice but you can't fundamentaly unite with those that hold harmful views.
Biden is a moderate he isn't anywhere near the right.
If you can't be bothered, then I can't be bothered trying to convince a gun nut.
What the right calls "censorship" is fact-checking. The 1st amendment doesn't give people carte blanche to say anything they want without repercussions, in simple says that government cannot suppress your speech. Just like the 2nd amendment doesn't allow people to own any weapon they want. Liberal does not mean letting people do whatever the hell they want to.Parler is a bastion of conspiracy theorists, anti-semites, and white-supremecists. I've seen enough screenshots from it to know I don't want to be anywhere near that cesspit.
The best feeling I've gotten this year is being vindicated in my assessment about Georgia flipping. For a decade now, the Washington Dems have ignored Georgia and other Red states. The locals have been pleading for help. They had the facts and figures to show how they could overturn the powerful GOP firewall.  I'm not even from there but I've watched the fight down there closely.
Here are some more opportunities to help us flip the Senate by winning the Georgia runoffs.### DonateDonate to Ossoff, Warnock, and Fair Fight:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/georgiasenateDonate to the Movement Voter Project Georgia Fund:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ga-fundDonate to \#WinBothSeats:https://www.winbothseats.org### VolunteerVolunteer to phone or text bank with Fair Fight:https://www.mobilize.us/fairfight/Volunteer with the New Georgia Project, online or in person:https://newgeorgiaproject.org/volunteer/become-a-volunteer/Volunteer for Jon Ossoff:https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/https://go.electjon.com/page/s/virtual-training-signupVolunteer for Raphael Warnock:https://www.mobilize.us/warnockforgeorgia/https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-actionSign up for letter writing with Vote Forward:https://votefwd.orgSign up for letter writing or phone banking with Working America:https://workingamerica.org/M2MletterwritingSend postcards with the Georgia Postcard Project (officially endorsed by both candidates):https://www.gapostcard.org
Hopefully the fundraising and volunteer efforts to improve turnout for these runoffs will help with the 2022 and 2024 elections as well.
I wouldn't have a problem with something like this, if free mental health care was available for everyone in this country.  But to offer it to immigrants while denying it to citizens seems pretty stupid.
President Trump treats anyone who comes to the USA as an illegal immigrant.They are not illegal immigrants if they ask for help to get away from their countries where they are prosecuted, hurt and physically / psychologically damaged for their way of life or belief systems.President Trump does not see it that way.As far as he is concerned? All immigrants are bad. He doesn't care what your issues are.Edit - Spelling and syntax. Added part about President Trump not caring.
Even if OUR government caused their mental anguish? I get that they made the decision to come to our country but not ALL did so illegally. Many of these families that were separated were seeking refugee status and that is not illegal. Then our lovely president decided to enact his zero tolerance policy and rip these families apart. I think in this case, our government should most definitely pay for their mental health.
Ok, the argument then, from you statement must be why are we not using the money for those impoverished families. You can **not** use it as a justification not to help the illegally separated imagrants and the trauma caused by your illegal actions without actually helping those Americans you are chiming off about. Regardless, we can do both. We are choosing not to do either. It is a choice that your elected officials are making.
This is the dumb excuse people give..."we shouldn't help anyone because "our" people aren't being helped" while at the same time not helping "our" people.The whole American "individualism" has been a lie for people to feel bad about helping others.Do you also complain about corporate welfare?
This!! The same people that are often saying that we shouldn't help anyone else until we help are own are the same ones who refuse to pass policies and legislation to help our own!!
But you and america aren't doing that so either put you money where you mouth is or shut up and do what right.
I can't wait until this is all over. This shitty coup needs to stop.
Does this mean we get to celebrate Biden winning again?
Team Trump still thinks they might have a few dirty tricks left up their sleeve.... God help us
GSA just said it was time as well, so that will help!
"To be clear, I did not receive any direction to delay my determination."They just can't stop lying. Why even bring it up?
I mean, it was an attempted coup. They were trying to illegally throw out the results of the election.
She already lied to Congress in her last visit.
 The *election* is over. I suppose the Drumpf Shitshow will go on for years, whole his whole family goes down under multiple indictments.
Please create a nonviable 3rd party that splits votes between T and R.
Trump supporters threaten to destroy GOP. Is that even a threat? Yes, please do it.
No . . . wait . . .Anyways..
That's rather frightening.I'm not sure I want the GOP to be completely replaced by "QAnon Trump 4Ever" party.
As a Georgian, please do. Clearly the Republicans didn't try hard enough to suppress the vote and subvert democracy. Y'all need to teach them a lesson to be more corrupt.
"But if we don't ignore Trump's authoritarian instincts, we lose his base!"No, you are a hostage and you have Stockholm Syndrome.  Whether you help him or hurt him, you are a hostage.
Republicans never seem to know what's in their own best interest.
The GOP thought running with the man that literally has a Midas Touch of Shit would be a good idea. RIP GOP
Now that would be a Christmas miracle.
I would feel totally owned if they didn't vote in the runoffs
    Trumpet hurt itself in its confusion!
Do it! Do it! Teach em a lesson! Hell yeah!
I hope they boycott Bigly Yuge numbers; stay home and watch OAN!
Don't threaten me with a good time
BOYCOTT THE RUNOFF ELECTION JANUARY 5!  Show those libs whose boss in Georgia.
Did I read this right? GOP? Destroy? Man, they really are losing their minds out of shock now, huh?
Wouldn't that be great... But please, don't give me hope.
I had hoped this would happen in 17, but there has been a resilency in the GOP to stick with this piece of shit through thick and thin that I didn't know was possible.
Aha now we have proof that you TRIED to vote twice! Fraud, plain as day
This is a good thing, anything that will marginalize Republicans out of power is good. Then if the QAnon Trumpers decide to start making threats arrest them for terrorism.
Funny you mentioned gymnastics because we see the same dissonance resounding in rabid sports fans
>I'm not sure I want the GOP to be completely replaced by "QAnon Trump 4Ever" party.Seems like that already happened.I will never stop laughing at how right wing media cranked up Tea Party conspiracy bullshit and lost control, in which Trump was part of pushing the birther stuff. Now Trump has totally hijacked their entire base, and the thought leaders in the GOP know it.
Did you watch any of the Impeachment hearings?
Yet Dems lost seats in the House, not sure about Senate, and the Presidential election was a shit show.As terrible as Republicans are, they're doing a great job of demonizing liberals and Democrats.
Yes.  Ultimately if the not- crazy conservatives and crazy conservatives can't agree,  the not-crazies will support crazy to get what they want.
Nuh uh, I voted as Mrs. /u/FinnsterBaby .
They will definitely make threats. The FBI needs to scour and sift through the Parler app for all the Trumper nutcases.
Yeah, the slavish devotion to something that comes from wedding your identity to that something often causes a break with reality.
It's truly amazing.Like watching someone creating a car that operates on high grade rocket fuel, only to forget to add the brakes and steering wheel.
We actually won two Senate races, Hickenlooper in Colorado and Kelly in Arizona. However, because Doug Jones lost his seat in Alabama, which was expected, we net gained only one seat.
You think that's not exactly what parler was built for?
Right? Like what the actual fuck, America?
And millions still support this waste of flesh
Wow, pretty amazing. Two-term president Obama couldn't even win GA.
It seems like every day we need to certify that Bidens won. At what point does the orange baboon admit it?
Good to see elections working against those who try to stop them.
This was AFTER Senator Lindsey Graham tried to strongarm the GA Secretary of State into illegally discarding tens of thousands of mail-in ballots.Preeeeetty sure there's gonna be blood in the water here very very shortly.
This will go a long way towards energizing the disenfranchised voters of Georgia. They've been cheated out of their vote since the 1870s.Time for some payback. Just in time for two corrupt senators to be given their walking papers.
Least surprising news of the day
Still deeply surprising for some people. Hopefully they get some help from a counselor who can explain that losing an election in a democracy isn't a coup by the deep state...
The governor is expected to officially certify the state today by close of business.
Georgia Dems put on a massive multi-year voter registration & participation effort, and hundreds of thousands of Americans registered to vote. [More than 240k](https://sos.ga.gov/index.php/Elections/voter_registration_statistics) new registered voters in Fulton county alone [since 2012](https://results.enr.clarityelections.com/GA/Fulton/42338/112364/en/reports.html), and like 130k more in Dekalb. This is part of what led to Biden receiving 53% more votes in Fulton County than Obama and 30% more in Dekalb County.
He'll be saying that he's the only legitimate President for years when he starts Trump TV in exile from his golf resort in the Crimea...
It was many things.Honestly though, the one who did the most damage to trump's campaign was trump himself. He spent four years strutting and bragging about getting the job and he forgot to actually DO the job.
Also he kept 25k Republicans that voted in the primary home because he told them not mail in vote and they didn't vote in person.
He was handed the keys to the kingdom - a booming economy, record low unemployment, great foreign relations, everything. He didn't have to rescue the country or reinvent the wheel.All he had to do was COAST.But he spent four years bragging, strutting around like a king, openly breaking the law, firing anyone who called him on it, making up childish nicknames for his political enemies, and doing his best to keep the country as divided as possible. Then when it came time for him to fight for his job, he realized that he hadn't actually accomplished anything with the wealth of powers he'd been given, and hadn't given the country any REASON to want another four years of his fat orange ass.
It's been a brutal year.Drumpf isn't going to concede, but he would have had to win Georgia, Arizona, Michigan AND Pennsylvania all together to hit 270. If he loses even one he's out of the running, and even though the other ones haven't certified yet ...... he lost them all.I'm taking a particularly savage glee in the fact that in 2016, he got 304 electoral college votes and called it "the biggest and most decisive landslide blowout in American history" even though he lost the popular vote.And Biden won 306 votes in the EC \*and\* won the popular vote by several million.
It's a culture + education + diversity difference combined with a growing concern by rural communities about being ignored. People in cities interact with more cultures. The jobs in cities often require more education. Communities in cities are much more diverse. In a city elections, the question is which candidate address the concerns of all of these demographic cohorts. The culture is constantly evolving. The problems are constantly changing very quickly with evolving populations and logistical challenges. In rural communities almost none of this happens. The community problems don't evolve the same way. It's always *"how can we preserve our way of life"*. Rural communities are facing population decline, brain drain, and steady job loss. Republicans made a pivot toward shoring up voters who want to keep things as they are, and fight inevitable change. They cling to religion, despite a steady generational decline in religious affiliation. They fight minority communities, despite the coming demographic shift making America a majority non-white by 2040. They fight against green technology, despite it quite obviously being the future of energy and jobs globally. Even stupid things like diet. They fight vegetarianism, despite the growing trend for people to eat plant based diets. It's a Republican strategy and ideology that insists on fighting change and trying to preserve of things a moment in time where their voters are wealthy, influential, moral leaders who are respected nationally and globally. It's been a steady decline since Reagan.
People in cities tend to be more cosmopolitan and multiethnic, exposed to more ideas, information and opinions, better educated, less traditional, and more free to be non-conformist.People in rural areas tend to be more religious, more traditional, more mono-cultural and less educated.
Well....wow. Such a simple question with a plethora of different answers that can all be correct.Firstly, no one has mentioned identity politics or party branding. Blue collar/white collar, book smart/common sense, working with your hands/working behind a desk, college degrees/great paying trade work.Take Law Enforcement as one example. In rural areas people own firearms not only for hunting (another traditional identity politics issue) but also for self-defense of family and property. Now, in rural areas the Police response can be quite a while. To that end, rural people look at it as LE and the community working hand in hand to keep the community safe. Reporting crimes, stopping violent crime, etc. The Officers are people in your community that these people will see in church. As such, the dynamic is totally different (a theme across the entire issue you're asking about). When an Officer stops you in a rural area, it will 99% of the time be a traffic stop, so be kind and respectful to the Officer.It is incomprehensible to rural people that someone would have a gun on them by Police, be given a direct order, and just ignore it and reach inside their vehicle.Rural America is more traditional. It's slower. And they LIKE IT THAT WAY. People across the U.S. move out of the country to the city because they want to. And it works the other way around as well. People in the city don't mind taxes because look at all they're provided. People in rural areas see state taxes taken out or local taxes and they wonder what the hell they're getting for their money. The roads are ok, the schools are usually mediocre at best and 33% of Americans STILL don't have access to high speed internet and those are basically all rural Americans. It's a self reliant streak. Rural America feels they've been sold down the river for the new economic order, they've become a punchline, with seemingly little lasting help from Washington DC. So the mentality has become, "Fuck you then. Leave me alone and I'll do it on my own." The last time the government really gave broad, lasting help to rural America was probably the Rural Electrification Act. It put electricity in EVERY Americans home.What you're inquiring about is a tale as old as Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. I know I was all over the place. I hardly new where to begin, and I wanted to touch on things not mentioned yet. I'd love to continue this conversation though. However, these are all simply my opinion. I'm pretty Liberal by American standards, but I'm a son of Virginia and grew up rural. And I understand a lot of these people's concerns. Still despise the Republican party though.
I live in a rural area.It's definitely a combination of a few things, one of the biggest being education.People around here are people of modest means. They have never been deeply encouraged to seek out college degrees or any furthering of education in general. They aren't even very honest about their opinions on things around people they might suspect are liberal, as was proven a few days ago when I overheard some people I didn't realize were Conservatives talking about the "China Virus" as they put it.People in rural areas just... don't have anything. They know what they want, but it's basically sold to them in this "you can trust only us" package where Republicans are venerated as saviors even if it's not remotely true. These people have been told all their lives that things will get better if they just vote Republican. I know, because I've known some pretty hardcore Republicans around here.Because there's no need for higher education in an area with mostly farmland, because corporations keep people in rural areas under their thumb, and because Democrats and Leftist thinking in general become suppressed, there's a really potent Republican and Conservative influence across rural counties. And the story is mostly the same all across America.
This is a bad place to ask such a question. You'll receive a lot of "Well because cities have smarter, richer, more diverse, and more beautiful people. Rural communities bad, ugly, and stupid." Reading through the comments, already 90% of the replies fall in this bucket.
Most of the downtrodden folk live in the cities. There are definitely rich people who live in cities, but there are far more poor people. Also, the rural people have this stereotype of being almost backwards, sticking to their traditional ways, which fits with republican ideals. The rich people don't have enough numbers to affect the cities votes when compared to the people who are under oppression.
My take:  People in rural areas are not forced to interact with very many people and the people with which they do interact are exactly like them; white, agricultural-based, small-town mindset,  fearful of 'the other', with high ability to force conformity due the small town 'everyone knows what everyone is up to'.  This leads them to an authoritarian structure where no 'fresh blood' is ever allowed in to shake up the status quo. Thus, the very crux of 'conservative'.People in urban areas have to deal with many, many other people not like them in many different ways.  They are exposed to different customs, foods, relationships, dress, accents, languages and many other things. These people learn to recognize that 'the others' are not that different from themselves.  They more likely recognize that almost everyone has values.  Thus, the very crux of 'liberal'.In a word: ignorance.
There are no leftists in politics in the USA. The democrats would be a center-right party anywhere else in the world.
Very well said. I've personally noticed that many people who live in rural areas and have only high school education from their tiny local high school have a HUGE chip on their shoulder about Education in general and College in particular. They think Public School teachers "have it easy" and "are paid too much."As for College, they really believe there'sa deliberate "Radical Left" brainwashing of young people, who are deeply "indoctrinated" by their "Leftist professors" It's bizarre. I've also noticed a very strong correlation betwen rural people *WHO DON'T TRAVEL* and negative attitudes towards Immigrants and other Cultures. Not that they consciously "hate immigrants,"  but that they're incredibly resistant to encountering and exploring other cultural traditions. Many refuse to even TRY different foods, because they only like what they are used to. Food has to be prepared their own family's way or they won't touch it.  Part of why they don't travel is because they don't want to eat foreign food! That is so weird to me.  My impression is that among rural people there are serious Psychological issues regarding "Control." They see change occurring and they don't want change, so they get more rigid in their opinions and more resistant to anything new or different.
This is an excellent summation. People including liberal politicians and pundits tend to focus on the differences in financial status, but that's not the crux of the issue at all.While job availability is a very real part of this, it's been blown up as a red herring that gets propagandized as evidence to support the broader message that liberal politics are killing the country, and that the preservation of older fiscal and social traditions that are good for the wealthy will also save the poor.I often come back to the tenuous idea that the country is just too big. The average European country, which generally follow USA's founding principals better than we do now, has a land area what would fit inside Alabama. If everyone were forced to live closer together, we could have all evolved together rather than creating this divide between lightning-fast urban progress and rural outliers who only see that development from a spectator's perspective, don't understand it, and come to fear it.
One adjustment to what you wrote, I would not call the bulk of their supporters wealthy, however the few wealthy supporters have funded at incredible levels everything from election ads to news networks (OAN, Newsmax) and social networks (Parler) to build the echo chambers further.
I'm of the growing opinion that Republicans want to maintain this divide because it leads to a more consistant voter base. How different would the fly over states be if there was infrastructure that allowed for remote tech jobs to flourish? How vastly would the communities change of people could move out to South Dakota and work for a multi billion dollar corporate in California and bring that money into the area? Suddenly the political identity of the area shifts and that disrupts the power status of the government in that state.
TL:DR  People in cities read and know stuff.  People in the countryside don't know stuff and are told not to read and know stuff.
> Rural people have to think for themselves and handle things themselves. With the introspection they realize the Republican party is better.There are a higher percentage of people on welfare in red states than blue ones.  They also produce far less of the GDP.
I work with this guys who is super proud about never going on a plane. And only ever visited two other states. Especially that he has never owned a passport. It was so weird talking to him about it. Cause he's so proud about that but to me that such a negative thing.
Yeah I think a lot of people are just scared that the cultural reality is changing and try to explain it in a way that gives them some control over it. It really isn't man made though. I'm not sure we can impact it much. >I often come back to the tenuous idea that the country is just too bigI live in Switzerland right now and I've heard the US described as basically the European Union, with each state being a different country. The differences between Italy and Denmark are honestly pretty similar to the differences between North Carolina and Vermont.
Oh I definitely agree that they're not wealthy on average. Simply, that they are trying to preserve a time when they were. When their grandparents went on month long vacations in the summer and college meant making burgers for 4 months. I think the wealthy GOP members recognize that their power rests on convincing their far less wealthy base that this reality still exists.
They hardly qualify as leftist either, and they certainly don't drive the party.
I've ever offered to take them out to eat (my treat) so they can try delicious Thai food, but they're horrified at the idea! I'm tired of banging my head against the wall.
That's sad, I'm itching to travel again, but that has to wait until Covid is gone or at least under control.
The differences between the states aren't as important as the differences between the city and rural areas, and there would be far less rural land if the country were smaller. My point was that there's too much room to spread out here.While major American cities can be beacons of progress, too many people are not forced to live in or near them. We're so spread out here that people don't need to interact with different cultures or new ideas or participate in diversity of any kind. They can remain in their traditional bubbles comfortably.Example: Wales has the population of Utah in a land area that's 1/10th the size.
....and how did you get experience? O wait, getting an entry level job with no experience which then goes back to a degree to get that job
Like 75% or more of the jobs I wanted to apply for but couldn't because i haven't finished my degree.
I don't remember myself or any of my liberal friends announcing to everyone on facebook that they were leaving for some new ONLY liberal social media site after the orange baboon was elected....
Love it or leave it only goes in one direction.
Parler's owned by the same folks who owned Cambridge Analytica.That... can't be real good.
What do you do when it becomes a space for people to slowly warm themselves up to and then eventually plan acts of violence?
Mercer-funded but totally bias-free.  Makes sense if you're not a fan of thinking about things.
Have the FBI monitor them more easily than if they were communicating on private channels.
That's true. I know they're Trump's FBI right now, but they haven't been completely neglectful of the violence being committed by the right. The FBI under Biden could probably double their head count and make Parler investigations a full time position.
Exactly. You can bet the FBI is monitoring them closely.
Downloaded the Parler app today, perused it a couple of times. It is filled with rightwing fascist craziness and outright lies, just like Fox, just like ClearChannel. Not sure what we can do about that, though I've been a fan of mass boycotts for some time now. Advertise on Fox or ClearChannel, even once, and you're dead to me for all eternity. Everyone needs to take that position. Taking the profit out of hate is bound to be a good thing.
> Parler is a direct consequence of the failure of Twitter and Facebook to moderate their content fairly.Facebook is arguably more friendly to conservative voices, and Twitter is Donald Trump's #1 vehicle for getting his ideas out. The idea that social media is censoring conservatives is laughable.
You say you want people to be as free as possible and yet you support the conservatives who are against abortion, are openly trying to include religion in each and every part of our lives and want to keep student loans, while constantly bailing out corporations. If your total freedom means you don't want to wear masks, or don't want planned parenthood or don't want higher taxes for the rich, then you sir are being selfish.You should know that the poor cannot be "as free as possible" without financial freedom, workers and students cannot be so without paying off their student loans, or without being oppressed in a corporate structure that sees them as cash cows or expendable objects. Have you ever experienced the fear a POC feels having known the history of abuse they have faced and continue to face when a cop walks to their door. Why do you think everyone starts recording as soon as they see a cop?Why do you think a confederacy flag, a group that fought to keep slavery, is equal to a BLM flag, a group who's still fighting for the injustices against POC. Why do you think that when scientists say to care for the climate and wear masks to protect yourself and others from a pandemic, they are trying to take away your freedom? And why do you think that Trump is the person who's going to unite the country when he's the one who's profiting off this divide to stay relevant and pay off his bills?If according to you "as free as possible" means letting racism, xenophobia, ideals of supremacy, ignorance about history, culture and science, and cult like religious ideals flow to the next generation and into the future, while abolishing equality, justice, support and compassion, then how can we agree upon things? How can two people agree upon things when one group wants to move forward, and the other is hellbent on taking the country backwards?
Parler makes Fox News look like Huffington Post.
If I wanted to threaten to doxx someone for the racist things they said on an "anonymous" site, and then extort them to commit crimes in the real world or face those comments becoming public, this is how I'd do that.
Wow. For freedom loving, small government people, rightists sure do love being under the thumb of authority.
>Scientists say no credible evidence of computer fraud in the 2020 election outcome, but policymakers must work with experts to improve confidenceThe goal is to sow chaos, not improve confidence
But the #whitehousekaren says he won.
I can never understand how some people are just this filled with hatred for other people.
Did anyone really expect anything resembling class from trump and co.?
Trump is a clear and present danger to this country.  We are in a crisis and he could not care less.  He is golfing and blocking a smooth transition to the Biden administration. People are losing their lives to a disease that Trump claimed was a hoax.  Trump will go down in history as the absolute worst president ever to have been elected. January 20, 2021 cannot come soon enough.
He is insane. More so now.
He has always been a disgrace.
The OpEd author isnt wrong. But the fact that he seems so upset that Trump is doing all this tells me that he is a bit disconnected from reality.Trump has been acting outrageous for 4 years. Why would Trump suddenly become a gentleman after election day?
You're the real MVP for posting this. Thank you.
>I can never understand how some people are just this filled with hatred for other people. It's fear. Fear that you worked or paid for something someone else gets for free. Fear that "They" are coming to take your stuff. Fear that everything you love is going to change and you won't know how to get along. Republicans LOVE that fear, because it makes their base easy to control.
4 years? All his life is more accurate.  I've known what he is since the 80s. His "Art of the Deal" was nothing more than don't pay back loans and don't pay contractors for services rendered.
I don't think anyone expected anything else from Trump. But the only people who can do anything about it are on Capitol Hill, and Senate Republicans staunchly refuse to hold Trump accountable no matter how bad he gets. It would be nice if Democrats were to grow a spine and call them out for it.
There was a widespread hope at first that Trump could somehow rise above his tawdry, selfish past and *"become Presidential."* But of course he didn't.
>Republicans LOVE that fear, because it makes their base easy to control. They've had control of the ENTIRE federal government for the first 2 of trump's years...and they are still FEARING.  It should be evident that either this fear is manufactured, or they are inept, or both.
>Exactly I don't get it you don't even know him and you are full of hate against him. "By their works shall ye know them"I don't have to know him personally to see what he's done to this country, or what he would try to do with a lifetime self appointment.
I just want to understand how Republicans can accept the things that Trump says and does as being a-okay but just a few years ago all lost their minds that Obama wore a tan suit.If you took Trump, changed his party affiliation to Democrat, and replayed the past four years, Republicans would absolutely be going nuts just as much as the Democrats are now. Even if you don't know Donald J Trump the individual human being, you can judge his character just based on the things he's said and done while President.I keep asking, why are the Democrats held to a different standard than Republicans? Nobody on the right has been able to answer that yet.
What makes you think the republican lickspittles could change his mind? When was the last time they did?Trump does Trump. He is basically an adolescent boy who is throwing a tantrum, and we can't do anything about it.He will run out of Adderall at some point. His supporters are not going to start murdering their neighbors. I was angry about Hillary for years. I still am. I am not planning to kill conservatives in retribution. They won't either.
Its multiple things. They're also grifting the shit out of us.
> What makes you think the republican lickspittles could change his mind? When was the last time they did?No one thinks they could. But they could remove him and order Pence to start the transition. They had a chance to fix this earlier in the year.> His supporters are not going to start murdering their neighbors.Um....https://www.vox.com/21506029/trump-violence-tweets-racist-hate-speech
There have been many fascinating presidential elections in the be USA.>Set aside that 1872 was the year suffragette Victoria Woodhull of the People's Party became the first woman to run for president. Also, forget that writer and abolitionist Frederick Douglass, her running mate, was the first African-American to be considered for the vice presidency. And never mind this was the year Susan B. Anthony would be arrested for illegal voting.2020-2021 is the first time a US president has refused to leave office.
The only reason this election is controversial is because Trump is acting like a little bitch
Well, yeah.He's been getting away with his behavior since forever.His base, administration, and his republican enablers don't care. His rich donors who want favors? They're just fine with his behavior.His family seems fine with it.I think he is actually confused. When he goes to his __spreader__ rallies everyone kisses his butt. So he thinks that's how the world feels about him - because he is oblivious to reality.The USA has spoken.Loud and clear.He's fired.Edit - syntax and added info about rallies, base.
Full credit to you for tackling this. That's a lot of work and effort.The problem you're facing is that misinformation often takes facts or statements made and either intentionally misses the context of combines them in nonsensical ways to create a new, erroneous, narrative. That's the crux of the adage "A lie can get around the world before the truth has got it's boots on". The second problem you're facing is your dad has not stopped watching the propaganda, and even knowing some isn't credible he'll likely continue to believe it in the face of all evidence.It also means you're doing a job of a fact checker, which is time consuming and difficult. If you're going to continue doing this I suggest you line up websites that specifically debunk claims made: politifact, snopes, etc. You'll have the benefit of their analysis and the go back to source material for context, assuming there is any. Search for each claim made and debunk it. It's an order of magnitude more work than the person who created the lie had to do in the first place, but that's why they created that lie.
First, as someone whose parents are surface-level similar to yours (well-educated, fairly decent people who I believe care about me and society in general, yet make their decisions based on "the Spirit led me"), I'm sorry for the pain his unwillingness to face reality has caused you.Second, after discovering that my folks were not reading much more than the headlines on even their own sources while I was reading/evaluating both my own sources and theirs in each debate we had, I've given up on debating them.Your first instinct ("Let's have a surface level, polite relationship") is what I have found works with my parents. Anything more is just giving them a soapbox on which to rant nonsense.
I'm going the other way here from others and say you are wasting your time.  Your father has found what he is  comfortable with and he genuinely believes in it.  I think you are making an assumption that your father suggested these "debates" because he thinks that maybe he's wrong.  Maybe you brought up some point that he has no answer for and he's ready to be educated.   It's exactly the opposite.  He honestly believes that this is just another lesson for you from him.   There is exactly the same amount of chance that you are going to change his mind, as he changes yours.I hope it's good for you both, that this debate brings you guys back together.   However if it doesn't, if it turns into nothing but frustration and bitterness you have a decision to make.  Is talking politics more important to you than a relationship with your Father?    There is a simple solution, that can fix a lot of this.  Get together with everyone that you do family events with and ban politics as a discussion.  No exceptions.   Right now is a great time for you to do this, because Trump no longer holds any government position.  Remember.  Yeah politics are important, but neither of you has any impact at all on policy and actions of the government.  Working yourself up, blaming your father, because he supports an idiot, isn't very productive.
There are some pretty good documentaries about Trump on Amazon prime & Netflix. There's a lot of material about this guy & he truly is, thankfully, one of a kind. After watching these docs, I came away with simply - he hurts everyone. And those who love him most, he hurts the worst. Just look at Michael Cohen. He was faithful and was crushed and discarded after no longer being useful. The guy still pines for the good old days at Yankees games. But then he snaps right back. It took Mr. Cohen the better part of two decades to be free of the delusion. Have patience with loved ones, this scar is going to take awhile to heal.
Accept him as he is or cut him loose. He's not going to change because you want him to and he's not going to hear one of your arguments and suddenly realize his whole worldview is warped. This is your reality. Good luck.
OP, you are not alone! There's a sub dedicated to helping people whose family and friends are diehard Trump/Fox News supporters.Check it out: r/FoxBrain
This is a Fakespot Reviews Analysis bot. Fakespot detects fake reviews, fake products and unreliable sellers using AI.Here is the analysis for the Amazon product reviews:>**Name**: Unfreedom of the Press >**Company**: >**Amazon Product Rating**: 4.9 >**Fakespot Reviews Grade**: A>**Adjusted Fakespot Rating**: 4.9>**Analysis Performed at**: 01-11-2020 [Link to Fakespot Analysis](https://fakespot.com/product/unfreedom-of-the-press) | [Check out the Fakespot Chrome Extension!](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fakespot-analyze-fake-ama/nakplnnackehceedgkgkokbgbmfghain)*Fakespot analyzes the reviews authenticity and not the product quality using AI. We look for real reviews that mention product issues such as counterfeits, defects, and bad return policies that fake reviews try to hide from consumers.**We give an A-F letter for trustworthiness of reviews. A = very trustworthy reviews, F = highly untrustworthy reviews. We also provide seller ratings to warn you if the seller can be trusted or not.*
You need to live your life and he needs to live his. You've already invested way more than you need to. There are consequences to being brainwashed and insane. Lots of people are cutting friendships and ties with family. A lot of times this is the healthiest thing to do. Your dad has been radicalized. You're never going to get through to him.
I wish we could trust Snopes again. Police in the South were putting there car hoods up to block their dash cams. The cops say it was to keep equipment from over heating. The same equipment that is used in Phoenix AZ. Snopes gave it a false rating because they call the police department that was doing it and the police lied to them about the overheating. Snopes only evidence was what the police told them. Anyway the cops made the national news and stopped putting their hoods up. No equipment ever overheated after that.
Yep.  You can't devote your life to undoing for free what thousands of people are getting well paid to do in the first place.
Nope.Treason and terrorism aren't a debatable "policy", come back with the both sides are the same BS again....
Imagine an America without Conservatives, no KKK or Nazis! No more unite the right rallies! Never another Charlottesville!
With single payer healthcare, reasonable college tuition and the obscenely wealthy pay a higher percentage in income taxes than their secretaries!
This sounds like an America I want.
I will start loving conservatives the moment that they start holding love for LGBTQ2IA+ and BIPOC folks, immigrants, disabled people, women, and people of all religions. I can happily engage in debate on fiscal issues in a respectful and productive way, but it is IMPOSSIBLE to find middle ground with someone who believes that you should not have the same human rights as they do.
> This is the lefts problemNot being willing to tolerate nazi bullshit?
Additional opportunities to help win the Georgia runoffs:### DonateDonate to Ossoff, Warnock, and Fair Fight:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/georgiasenateDonate to the Movement Voter Project Georgia Fund:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ga-fundDonate to the New Georgia Project:https://newgeorgiaproject.org### VolunteerVolunteer to phone or text bank with Fair Fight:https://www.mobilize.us/fairfight/Volunteer with the New Georgia Project, online or in person:https://newgeorgiaproject.org/volunteer/become-a-volunteer/Volunteer for Jon Ossoff:https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/https://go.electjon.com/page/s/virtual-training-signupVolunteer for Raphael Warnock:https://www.mobilize.us/warnockforgeorgia/https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-actionSign up for letter writing with Vote Forward:https://votefwd.orgSign up for letter writing or phone banking with Working America:https://workingamerica.org/M2Mletterwriting---Also make sure to check out Stacey Abram's takeaways & advice for Georgia's success during this election cycle in her Nov. 13 interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYsFWrY2-WA
I gave to each candidate individually, didnt know this was out there. While it only took like 3 minutes to do the 2 separate transactions, any roadblock can encourage someone to "just do it later". This seems to be a good idea!
Gave $50 each to this, both campaigns, and Stacy's organization. I'm unemployed and kinda broke but this is a tiny investment with a potentially huge payoff which will save the economy, health care, the planet, and help end COVID.
Already sent 100 bucks this month, 100 again next month and the month after.If we don't win, we are fucked. The Dems and Biden have to come through for the middle class or we are back at zero in 2024.
Already donated to Act Blue. I live in Minnesota.
ActBlue also supports Apple Pay on iOS devices. If you already have it setup for other sites it only takes a couple seconds.
Trump has been projected to win the State of Denial
I would not underestimate his ability to plan a coup. I feel like nobody is taking this seriously.
Man I am getting *so hard* over the thought of Trump being dragged kicking and screaming from the WH.
The White House is telling people working in the White House that instead of trying to look for another job, they need to pretend Trump is going to get a second term, or they will be fired now.Trump is such a snowflake.
Oh...he'll be 2 terms, all right. 2 consecutive terms of life sentences, that is.
Why do people think this is funny? Didn't you see the walls he built around 17 acres around the White house? Nobody is humoring him.
Example of why not to elect Russia to your country's presidency.
A awww.  Hes so sad he cancelled his hair color appointment. Good.
I hate this. Just get out! The longer it goes on, the more at risk he puts us.
Just Bye with this idiots already.Skulk away and await your indictments.
He does not have the support of the military leadership.
Trump isn't known for planning, and a coup takes significant planning. He's just not capable of it. That's why his attempted coup feels more like an epileptic seizure. He can only sow chaos, and dissent. Even if he leaves office without blood shed, the right-wing terror beast has been set lose, and we are going to be seeing significant increases in domestic terrorism, at the very least.
1.) Really? You don't underestimate the guy who couldn't even can tictok properly? He's a clown whose legal arguments in voter fraud lawsuits literally say "Not voter fraud".2.) There's literally thousands of lawyers shutting his bullshit down all across the country. He's 0-13 in court with this bullshit. GOP officials are even abandoning him. European dictators are evening abandoning him. It's being taken plenty seriously by the folks who are too busy to doom post on Reddit about it, and they have it more than handled.
In cuffs. Let it be so.
At his age, that may be ten years
Yeah, the longer they prevent Biden from starting the transition officially I fear they will try something. Hearing he expanded the wall after it looked like he was losing bothered me as well. He faces years of lawsuits and most likely state criminal charges once he's out. He is a trapped rat with nothing to lose and will burn our democracy to the ground if given the chance just so he does not have to face the consequences of his actions.
Doesn't matter. Joe Biden can be sworn in anywhere. John Roberts hates Trump.
The flip side of that is that the military also won't be the people to drag him out if he just refuses to leave. They can't and remain apolitical. And Joe Biden, while he will become their legitimate commander in chief on Jan 20, he can't give them that order even if it would be legal and moral and right, because it sets a horrible precedent. Trump doesn't have to plan anything. He just has to say his version of reality and keep saying it until someone who has power to tell him no and enforce it does so. It is still uncertain who that might be.
Barr is the one I think we should keep our eye on, I know it's just a gut feeling but I think he's gonna try to pull something.
That's the other thing. The White House isn't actually important to being president. It's a nicety and a perk. So if it takes any time at all to get Trump to leave, Biden will just be president at the Capitol or in the halls of the Supreme Court for a day or so while they get little loser out of his house.
Yeah, yeeeeah, but that wasn't planning, it was just lots and lots of chaos and racism. Turns out that really drives conservative voters to the polls in droves. Shit, worked in 2020 as well. If Trump is going coup, it's going to be using his MAGA cult as his army.
Barr can try whatever the fuck he wants. It doesn't matter. They have lost. There no secret trick to pull out of a hat. No legal loop hole here. It's done.
This is why I think they should impeach Barr. To at least slow down his fuckery.
Secret Service and FBI both have the authority to arrest and remove trespassers from the Whitehouse. That is what Trump will be on Jan 20th.
The Secret Service is a law enforcement agency under DHS, which is illegally run by a Trump crony and former lobbyist named Chad Wolf who is an "acting head". This is the same shit stain that deployed federal law enforcement to Portland to attack protestors and ordered his own staff to stop reporting Russia threats. So the idea that the Secret Service will remove Trump is again hoping for a principled public servant somewhere in the command chain under the agency head to disobey the orders of the invalid President and agency head and effectively "king make" the valid President Joe Biden. Again we must face the fact that our entire political structure is held up by norms and good faith, and both have been so repeatedly violated by Republicans that we cannot trust them... either the norms or the Republicans.
Maybe that was his plan when he either gave or exposed 130 of them to Covid.
That's a common but dangerous fantasy that again relies on norms and good faith from the DHS that nobody should have any reason to expect after not seeing it from any other federal agency after a Trump appointee takes control of it. There's always someone else that's supposed to step in and save democracy and we're like 30 down that list past the rest of federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies without any of them having done it, and for some reason people want to pretend the last one on the list is going to step up. That's just not going to happen.
On January 20,President Joe Biden can fire Chad Wolf and install someone who will do his job.
The thing is though, is that this isn't a norm. This is criminal trespassing. So even the D.C. police force can handle it. It won't get that low, because a 4 year coup isn't gonna change the constitution. The rewards for letting Trump stay in power aren't good enough to justify every single person in the chain risking their own safety. Mark my words, January 20th, Joe Biden will sit at the resolute desk and demand that they get a crew in to fumigate the office.
You lost me at the end. He won't win again just like he didn't win this time.
Hours later... the guys who made this happen got canned.Wow. What a coincidence.
How can it be if trump lost? He's a winner, he can't literally lose.
Those reading this, please please please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?) and Volunteer [here](https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/)Donate to Warnock [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?) and Volunteer [here](https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-action/)If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out [FairFight](https://fairfight.com/) to donate and [here](https://fairfight.com/join-our-fight) to volunteer.She, among others, was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.I would also highly recommend reaching out to friends and family in GA to confirm they're registered. Also, anyone who will be 18 when the election happens in January will be eligible to register, even if they're 17 now. December 7th is the final date you can register to vote, December 14th is when early voting begins and the election day is January 5th. To request your absentee ballot from click [here](https://ballotrequest.sos.ga.gov/) and register to voter [here](https://registertovote.sos.ga.gov)
 My sister was bitten by a moose.
Many deplorables are saying otherwise and they have all those internet articles to prove it.
What's the plan here?Why replace all these officials at the Pentagon with loyalists at the start of a lame duck session?Im not a tinfoil hat kind of guy, but this smells as if the president is preparing for something.
"Coup De Etat" American narcissist style. And the high percentage of citizens who want a government run by a central strongman with a single party legislature and compliant judicial will see nothing wrong here.Edit; Where's the December invasion planned? Iran or China?
I think they're trying to bury evidence.
The President can easily fire the joint chiefs of staff and likely could use a waiver to immediately install whomever he chooses. The problem ultimately though is that on Jan 20th at 12PM EST the new commander in chief takes over and can then make whatever changes he wants to make.
They are all civilians, however, not the military.  I am fairly certain that the military will not support a coup if trump tries one.
A lame duck authoritarian leaning president who refuses to accept an election loss filling the top branch of military with foam-at-the-mouth loyalists. I'm stumped.
One part of me wants to think this is just him going apeshit and burn shit down like the selfish prick he is.  The other part of me is thinking of that bit from the intro of RA2: Yuris Revenge."My God, that maniac is actually going to do it. May God have mercy on us all..."
This is about a coverup, not a coup.  Look up Barr and Iran-Contra to see what their playbook is.  They want to destroy records, etc.
That's the thing that I'm not getting either.  Trumps' got a few weeks left and that's it. What do these appointees get by being in these positions for only a few weeks? In a normal world they won't be there long enough to affect any kind of change so is it simple resume padding?  I'm not one of the "He's planning a coup" people and don't think for a moment that any branch will answer a call to keep him in power if he demands it so is it a simple thing of loyalty to Trump and grabbing a few more dollars before they are tossed out and unemployable?
> They are all civilians, however, not the military. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joint_Chiefs_of_Staff#Current_members_of_the_Joint_Chiefs_of_StaffThey're all sporting military ranks. They have no operational authority, but they aren't required to abandon their military standing.I do hope you're right that the military won't support a coup if Trump tries one. Even if the Secretary of Defense issues such orders, subordinates are covered by the Military Code to refuse an illegal order.
These are administrative officials, not military officials.
C&C was not supposed to prophetic
Yep! This is about getting rid of as much incriminating shit as possible.
This suggests their departure wasn't voluntary, but I'm not privy to those details so I can't say for sure.
Yep.  If it comes to that (and I hope it doesn't) it will be the Generals that decide.  The ranks will follow them and not some wannabe in the administration.
I meant to type "military officers".  In other words, they don't actually command the military.  At this point, the military brass will not obey Trump's orders.
They all retain their military ranks. With the exception of one admiral, they're all generals.You're right they have no operational authority while serving on the board of Joint Chiefs, they're in a purely advisory capacity. But they're still military personnel.I sincerely hope you're right that the military won't cooperate with any orders to engage against US citizens.
Honestly my dream scenario is Trump trying shenanigans and the military putting him in his place and kicking his ass out of the White House. Maybe it will stop the GOP from using them as political tools.
Trump is their very own Nigerian prince.
His last chance to grift, gotta make it count.
How is that legal? Aren't they campaign funds? Fuck, I'll go *read* the article.
Don't the states involved pay for their own recount?Isn't that a big part of how they show that the vote count and any recount are honest? If Republican voters are that dumb it's hard to even feel sorry for them.
He got that *Need for Greed: Moscow Grift*
Really tho is anyone suprised that he is grifting  his own "charity "? Isnt that why he cant have a charity in NY state?
Trump aims to be the biggest loser of all time forever.
Isn't it explicitly illegal to coordinate with a PAC?
You know, those supporter donation emails really read just like a "too good to be true" scam.
Are soon being kicked out of the White House.
It's by percentage so .1 to .4% state pays for a recount. .5 to .9 the candidate pays. I think those are the thresholds.
It depends on the state. Each one has its own rules. For instance, Georgia pays for the recount if it's less than 0.5% difference. Pennsylvania, on the other hand, makes the petitioner pay no matter the percent but refunds them if they actually find fraud or substantial errors (which never happens, because there's never any).
Also default monthly recurring payments. It's such a shitshow.
Save America? The fuck, this clown had four years to keep America on the upwards trend, but he blew it. What an ass, I'm so glad he's going away!
Leave a monument as a warning to future generations, because those who do not learn the lessons of history are doomed to repeat them.
I mean, impotent online rage is fun and all, but how exactly do you propose we go about destroying the Republican party?  Because if you don't actually have a coherent and achievable plan for doing that, then the reality is that we are going to have to figure out how to work around the Republican party for the foreseeable future.
I'll do you one better. The two party hegemony needs to be razed and the earth salted behind it, so we can live in a sane preferential voting world.The current state of the GOP is abominable, but the democratic party often exploits this dysfunction to default as the "least awful" of two alternatives- this doesn't drive real accountability.Americans deserve to be able to make meaningful choices about priorities beyond "not this guy".
Can't argue much with that.  They have opened Pandora's box willingly.  You get what you get...
I'm as liberal as the average Reddit user, but this is waaay too extreme of a view. Like u/DeadDog818 said, this is not a time for inflammatory language.Edit: If you don't agree with this (like a lot of you in the comments), at least do it for Biden. He's calling for unity, so let's try and be united.
Why, so we can tear it down when it becomes inevitably racist? Or whatever.
the Americans who think for some reason that they are Republicans need to be reminded that they are just Americans like the rest of usRepublicans are a professional political organization.  if you're a plumber, you're not a Republican.  you're an American who is a plumber.people have to stop protecting them
Okay. As one of the minorities the Republican party has been assaulting for the past 4 years (12, 20, who's counting at this point,) ... I would tell you what I think of this sentiment you've expressed, but I would have to use words and phrasing that would get me banned from the subreddit.If you're not willing to be "inflammatory" to Republicans and their rhetoric, you're allowing them to get away with what they've done with impunity, and as such encouraging them to keep doing it. If "inflammatory language" is too much opposition to you, just admit that when it's between minorities and Republicans, you may not like the Republicans attitude but you'll side with them every time.Or, grow up, and realize "inflammatory language" as a response to "your entire party apparatus exists to destroy my life" is not all that extreme. In fact, it's downright calm and collected.E: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appeasement
Ever try to talk to one of the cult members?
It's okay if you put a parental or health warning on it, like cigarettes."Surgeon General Warning: This monument may be detrimental to your health if you have any common sense, or belief in equality amongst humans, or belief in the preservation of Democracy.""ACLU/NAACP Warning: Here lies a party of the greediest, and most racist sons of bitches anyone might run across.  For your safety and the safety of others please keep any defacement of this monument limited to non-bodily fluids."
I mean, dude, everyone who voted for him decided that everything he ever did just ain't a dealbreaker to them. Every hateful word, action, policy, and the stunt he's pulling now. And they're still goosesteppin' for him.Speaking of, it's *just as bad* if they're voting without knowing at least the basics of who they're voting for, which is quite a fucking feat this time around.Willful ignorance is not a foe any intellectual can defeat.
But if you support someone that is an obvious and unrepentant xenophobic, homophobic, racist doesn't that make you complicit in that same racism, homophobia and xenophobia?
The issue is more with the Republican Party, not necessarily the people that voted for them. A lot of them are simply horribly misled and couldn't fathom that their own representatives would lie to them so blatantly.Those voters deserve a party that represents legitimate conservative ideals such as smaller government or fiscal responsibility, not the insane cult the current GOP has become in the wake of Trump. That party need not be the Democrats.
As a republican voter. You are 100%
The sad reality is that many white Democrats are also content with the status quo of systemic racism and violations of the human rights of LGBTQ+ community, as long as there is enough abstraction in the systems of oppression that they aren't confronted by it every day. They remember these communities in the run up to every election, and as soon as the votes are counted they immediately go back to wringing their hands about the "working class" (read: white uneducated male) voter and how to appease them. As soon as they get back to a place where they feel safe they are happy to sell everyone else out so they don't have to keep fighting.Edit: Not claiming this is the situation of the person you were responding to, but this is such a common issue that it's worth addressing in general.
yeah - I keep trying, https://www.reddit.com/r/LincolnProject/comments/js69iy/another_award_thank_you_rtucker_carlson/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3It's difficult but that doesn't mean we should stop.
Even [flipping AZ and GA](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/04/us/election-results#biden-closes-in-on-trump-in-georgia-where-the-counting-of-votes-continues) and winning AK and N.C. doesn't get him to \*270, only 259. The fraud claims don't hold water. He's lost the election, but I think he's going to attempt a coup, i.e. refuse to concede or begin transitioning. We'll see how that goes, at the very last my Thanksgiving is ruined.\*edit
Even as a Canadian I know better than to believe a word that anyone says in favour of Trump.It's all lies man. Just assume it's all lies.I  have a bet with an American dude that if trump is actually inaugurated in January I'll cut my dick off and mail it to him.  And when Joe Biden becomes the president he will donate $1000 to BLM
No pathway for trump without cheating or attempting a coup. The margins are too wide in Biden's favor. In the meantime, the counting and certifying are going on in the counties with no problem.There's no truth in the delusional trumpland.
Never base your assumptions on what Trump supporters believe.
Trump voters have zero logic or any relevance on how this will pan out. Ignore the noise.
Trump supporters also think\-He will have Mexico pay for the wall\-that trumps cares about his followers\-that he was a great student\-that he was a great businessman\-that he was a great presidentso basically, arguing with trump supporters is like eating soup with a fork..
Want to see something scary? Go to predictit.org and look at how many people are willing to put actual money on Trump still winning. If you check often, you'll see it's actually going up.It should be 99/1 like California is. Instead its like 85/17.
Speaking from personal experience, I have a lot of republican acquaintances and only the very dumbest of the lot really thinks he has a chance in hell. They've mostly admitted defeat and will likely latch onto the next joker the GOP tells them to admire one Trump is gone.
His supporters are being told he has a path to victory by Trump, which is why they think that. He has no path. Recounts will not change the results. The courts, the Republican party, and the military will not put their power at risk for him.
He does not have a pathway to victory.  He is on the road to chaos right now trying to take us all with him.  Do not go.
They're trying to make a big deal out of the idea that they can push those states with Republican legislatures to bypass the election and just hand-pick electors that will vote for drumpf, but the thing is that each state certifies \*ahead of time\* the method they use to pick electors, and by law it's the winner of the popular vote in that state. If any state deviates from that method, they have to notify voters in writing well ahead of the election.No state has done this. Drumpf has no path to victory.
No, trump has no path, and don't waste a second more of your time or mental energy worrying about that. Republicans lie about everything - remember Saddam's WMD? It's what they do. Breathe. Joe Biden will take office in January, and nothing can stop that.
Agree he will attempt a coup.
It should be recognized as a coup attempt, if the weakest coup attempt ever. I'm guessing that the main intention is to rile people up with more conspiracy theories so that they're easier to control later. I doubt anyone actually thinks Donald will find a way to stay in office.
Yeah, Thanksgiving ruined. Can't look any of those trumpers and/or Republicans in the face considering they can't accept defeat and seek healing after their abusive messiah has crapped all over our norms, decency, traditions and now democracy.
Neither of those is a coup. If that's all he does, then time just passes and he's forced to leave on Jan 20 because it's official on Dec 14.What I fear he'll do is an actual coup. Arrange for electors to swap their vote to him and arrange for the Pentagon to be void of people willing to say no to deploying the armed forces domestically.
Careful. Don't put a second, fake inauguration off the table. I can totally see Trump avoiding Bidens inauguration and the jubilation of him leaving on Marine One by holding a sham inauguration somewhere else.And 70 million dumbfuck morons will eat it up.Also can I get in on a bet with your guy about crowd size jokes and how Trump will say his was bigger even though there's this whole "please don't come" virus thing he might have heard of.
wait...so Hillary and Obama weren't locked up?  JFK jr didn't come back from the dead???
There is ZERO chance drumpf is going to win Arizona. The votes just aren't there.
He \*did\* fire the Secretary of Defense for disagreeing with him over the idea of deploying the military on American soil. Maybe he's trying an old-fashioned military takeover of the country.Except he doesn't have the support of enough high-ranking military officers to pull it off. He'd have to have them ALL, and he doesn't even have a handful.
Trump's coup is already underway. He's purging everybody who won't go along with it.Classic Putin playbook.
Thank god my family at Thanksgiving are all Dems/liberals.  My fathers family that is not the case but they will be down in Florida tucked away with all the other Baby Boomer GOP supporters.  Yeah actually now that you mention it might actually be a really good Thanksgiving this year.
I think both those are highly unlikely. There was a vote. We had the same dream in 2016 with Clinton (i.e. that electors would get swapped somehow). They're just in the denial stage of mourning. They'll thrash and trash the place a bit, but that's all they've got.My real worry is later after Biden is inaugurated. The right is going to lose its mind, and I expect a lot of domestic terrorism.
they've been tossed out of court for lack evidence in every case so far
I can totally see Trump trying this. But once Biden is legitimately inaugurated, Trump is no longer protected by the office of the Presidency and if he continues to try stunts like this, they're gonna come after him.
He will style himself as "president in exile" and tweet incessantly about how Biden is a "youserperer" and an "ileigitmate" president.
He will probably try and use armed ICE officers too in his coup, and while they are shitty people that are even worse trained that's 10s of thousands of loyal, racist troops that will do whatever he says.
I'm concerned about the national security info he and his clan know now...like jr, jared, pompeo etc. trump can't remember much and doesn't read much, but his side kicks have classified info...that worries me the most.
Civilian leadership.  The Military leadership is 100% going to support the constitution NOT the Trump crime family.
>He will probably try and use armed ICE officers too in his coupJesus, why not just go full Mall Cop? I've never seen lazier or more ill-equipped officers in my life than I did at the border.Plus there's only 20k ICE officers in the first place. Total. They couldn't take San Diego, let alone the whole country.
And also......he's got until Jan 20th. Constitutional deadline. He would no longer have the authority of Commander in Chief, even if he's declaring himself Emperor for Life or whatever, and he would lose the authority to command the U.S. military. After that, any soldier remaining loyal would have to do so as a direct act of treason against the United States.
A lot of people and institutions go into making the government and its laws and function work. Right now, Trump has installed a lot of scoundrels to undermine it, but when he's gone so are they and the power they wield. Sure, they'll cry foul, but it's useless at that point. They have lost their power.
You don't need to take the whole country, but 20k cannon fodder can do a lot of damage. Also, at least some of the military would follow trump in a coup, but hopefully a small minority.I didn't say it was a good plan.One of trump's first actions was to attempt to recruit and hire 30k more ice officers. Thankfully he sucks at it and no one else. Wanted the jobs.
What's that? A cult member took trump's dollar to tell lies about the Democrats?# UNPOSSIBLE
Guy appears on stage with Rudy and the sexual abuser from NJ at the White House ....  Restaurant in 3..2..1
Unfortunately, it was never about the truth; it was about building a lie that would echo through Conservative media. It was a success. The false narrative that the election is being stolen from Trump has gone viral, and is now the new reality of at least a large portion of his 71 million cult.
Make an example out of him
Better yet, grant him immunity if he spills the beans on whichever GOP goon put him up to it.
Veritas.you see your problem is thinking they peddle anything but the most rancid of bullshit.
Like that woman from KY..... Shudder
To be honest, if someone called me and asked who I was going to vote for, I would just hang up.
Drive around the country.  With as polarized as people are, it's not hard to tell.  When Iowa was a "toss up", I was baffled.  Have these people *been* to Iowa?
Also maybe a lot of Republicans literally just lie when asked who they're going to vote for?
The way they do statewide polling now is over. It's over forever. Don't make a correction next time and then 2022 or 2024 they'll tell us they fixed it but the same thing will happen.
Floridian here. This autumn was insane with unidentified numbers calling our land line, abruptly stopping a couple of days before the election. We never picked up once.
Ok I take offense to that. LolI know people would think I'm weird for responding to polls. But I don't think it's weird.  I just know that it's not the "cool" thing to do.  I just don't mind doing the right thing.
As someone who did phone banking, please realize that 1. you must answer and explicitly say "please take me off of your call list" (preferably politely) to stop getting calls, and 2. If it's a short survey, just answer the questions.
My parents do this. They are afraid pollsters are making a list of Trump supporters and when Biden is in power they will move to silence political opponents. Which is weird, because I would have thought they were too smart to believe something so batshit insane.
Texas, just this cycle got a ton; answered all of them though because I'm waiting for some calls and I didn't know the number they were calling from.
It's a projection - Trump would have done this if the executive administration enabled him.  He campaigned on "Lock her up!" so they probably understand their own culpability in helping elect such a gigantic fuck-up and maybe even feel guilty enough to believe it was criminal.It's not, though, and never has been.  It's the wishful thinking of fascists who voted *for* Trump.
Or they are ashamed to admit that they are voting/voted for a fascist.
I only know two reasons, conservatives think that unions protect the lazy and punish the employer, neither of which are the case. If one lazy worker has a job alongside several dozen good employees who are also protected from shit corporations, then it isn't a bad thing. The employer wouldn't pay their employees if the law didn't make them, that's why there are many hard jobs offering 13, a non-livable wage in most US cities. Some unions are a bit useless imo. I used to work for the DOC, and their union was to protect officers from losing their jobs. It is almost impossible to lose your job as a correctional officer in my state unless you screw around with an offender or bring in contraband. Even the asshole who pepper sprayed a Muslim prayer room still has his job.
I bet they like Cop Unions.
Ah. So it could be "union workers are just lazy" or something like that. I have a friend that is the head of a county bus mechanic shop. They aren't in a union but he complains about how lazy his workers are all the time. Not all of them, just one or two.How can people single out a union for that behavior when nearly every business has the same problem more than likely?
> I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, What does this mean to you?  What does leadership by a president look like, in your estimation?  What qualities or virtues did Trump exhibit that you would consider leader-like?  What are some examples of Trump expressing leadership in the past that you found notable, and that influenced your decision to vote for him?
I'm curious, why did you think Biden was a joke?
 It is really hard for me to have empathy for anyone who voted for Trump in this election, but I'm willing to set aside that difference as much as possible because it is time to bring together *all* Americans. We all had 4 years to see the damage he caused, removing hundreds of environmental regulations that kept our water and air safe, raising tariffs that *only hurt* small American businesses, the only president with negative job growth, who did *nothing* to support the 2nd amendment (other than screaming about it), raising taxes on middle and lower class Americans, giving *more* tax cuts to the wealthy, defunding parts of the VA and military housing, he had no libertarian values at all.Meanwhile, Biden has a history of promoting job growth and economic stability, supporting the constitution, compassion, dignity, truth, respect for our troops and our police officers, supporting VA reform to help keep our vets from committing suicide, and a healthy foreign policy. While I'm glad you've come around, I highly suggest you read about how Biden has already helped you in the past and how he's ready to unite America again.
Honest question: how come it took so long for you to see trump for what he is?
I think we're all very glad you have seen what Trump is. But really, most of us are wondering, why now? What he is saying now is nothing different than he has been saying for 4 years. He has only ever led his base and made fun of anyone that didn't like him or he disagreed with. He has laughed about "being presidential" and made it seem like that was stiff or boring behavior. But that is what people want; normalcy. No one wants chaos coming from the core of our government.
> I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. And yet you voted for him. And now you're glad he didn't win? I'll be honest, it scares me that there's people like you out there voting. You need to do better in the future.
That speech that Trump gave is what he has been doing for the 4 years from the beginning of his campaign.   Go back and read his words from his rallies, they are just like that speech you hated.
Do you want a pat on the back? A cookie, perhaps?  What do you expect to get out of this post? If you didn't see the horrors of a Trump presidency while he was president and you're just now realizing it because he went all crybaby the other day, you still don't get it.
Have you been one of the people talking about "Trump derangement syndrome"?Be honest with us and yourself.I can roleplay as the average MAGA degenerate to give you a little taste of how conservatives treated other people for four years (absolutely a majority of them).I'm not trying to be an ass, but I have to be honest. I have no respect for anyone who ever respected Trump and you people need to do much more than something like this post to get my respect back.And you can of course ignore me, but I guarantee you there are millions like me and globally probably hundreds of millions. I guarantee you that a lot of the people trying to be respectful here secretly agree with me but don't want to antagonize you *already* - well I don't care about the karma or civility. So I'm letting you know, you just did the absolute minimum right now. I hope you understand.
As I tried to explain to other 2A advocates, the Supreme Court already ruled against some of the more restrictive gun laws a few years ago. And with a 6-3 conservative Court, it's unlikely much will change. Thankfully Trump doesn't know shirt about making deals, or he would've held off until after the election to appoint a new justice. Since he did already, he's made himself unnecessary for this issue. Personally, I don't think Trump cared one way or the other. He was just saying what people wanted to hear. Which is what he's done long before he was ever elected.
Those seeing this post, please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out the "Get Involved" tab on  https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
Why would you think Trump could LEAD before now? He has never done that, only EMBARRASSED.
You voted for Trump... And now you're saying you're pleasantly surprised... Whoever you are please reconsider your life choices
The screw i read?> how I missed hearing inspiring, hopeful and inclusive speeches from the  nations leader. Trump was crying like a child, " I easily win this  election," and how big tech and the media are trying to take him down...  Sickening...    >  > Before the election I thought that Biden was an absolute joke, now I  have a lot more respect for him and his supporters. "There is a time to  build, a time to reap and a time to sow, a time to heal, this is the  time to heal in America." Entire cities, including mine, are erupting  into cheers over the win. Trump has turned the US into the laughing  stock of the world, and I'm glad it's over.   >  >I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. Do you realizes Biden was Vice President under Obama, hows that goes compare 2008 Obama's era to 2016 Trump's era?All meanings, welcome aboard...
Welcome.  Seriously, welcome.  Serious question- and I'm not trying to attack you here, but I just have to ask- you say you are a strong supporter of the second amendment.  Do you legitimately believe that the Obama administration really did much of anything to reduce gun ownership rights?  More importantly, were you aware of the incident in 2018 (video below) when Trump himself said "take the guns first, go through due process second."  I would have thought the NRA would have had a baby over that, but it was barely a blip on the radar.  Did you know he had said that, and was there any backlash in the 2A community?  I don't run in those circles, so I honestly don't know how they reacted, or if they knew about it.  For the uninitiated:[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxgybgEKHHI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxgybgEKHHI)
Those seeing this post, please please please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out the "Get Involved" tab on  https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
You hate minorities & support people starving in the streets. You belong in the Republican Party.
Trump will be the downfall of the GOP. He is not a Republican and the GOP should not have embraced his hateful and devicive rhetoric. He has woken the sleeping giant of an unengeged but more inclusive American populace and the GOP will have a difficult time gaining the level of support from the Trump base with a different candidate.
If you are glad Trump lost but voted for him anyway, I think you're voting wrong. This is what's at the heart of today's political struggle. We know who we are and thus we think we know who deserves our vote. But that's not how it should be, we should be able to see that sometimes politicians we agree with are too dangerous to vote for.
I mean good on you, but Trump hasn't changed from day one till today. It's lost on me how someone can go this long and finally wake up after is clear that Trump lost.Is this the equivalent of being fair weather fan of whatever sports team is winning at the moment?
>I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEADSo...why'd you vote for Trump then? As a joke?
Not OP but some people seem drawn to Trump because he is a blowhard, tells it like it is, and all that.Others like the American Exceptionalism narrative so in Trump they see a strong leader.Combine the two and you get a semblance of a strong leader if you agree with the ideology.
Americans are a bunch of weak willed losers, who believe someone loud and mean is strong.
u/anna_or_elsa and u/SlightlyJason \-  The future of our party, and our country, likely depends on our future ability to reach people like the OP and convince him that Democratic candidates are the best choice to advance his interests and those of our nation as a whole.  If we're going to do that, we need to understand his actual reasoning - not substitute our own guesses, accusations, and stereotypes.
I'd hazard a guess that thinking was not involved.
Especially given that he has over 40+ years of experience in elected office.
I'm going to hijack your top comment and put this right here for OP:&#x200B;[https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jozhxx/as\_trump\_claims\_election\_is\_being\_stolen\_john/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jozhxx/as_trump_claims_election_is_being_stolen_john/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
This is why there can be no pardons, the people that committed criminal acts for Trump must be tried as well as Trump.I don't know what the witnesses that refused to speak under oath to Mueller will say when subpoenas are enforced, but refusal to testify under oath is a crime all by itself.
Hell, his entire life.  His long, well-documented history as a con-man and liar is out there for anyone to see.
I'm struggling with OPs post honestly
>I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. Biden how has the chance to change it... let's see how he does.I doubt this will get answered. His self revelation above is enough for the decade.
This is a regular discussion, if you want to call it that, I have with my brothers and sisters in law.  "Trump was standing up for America and American values!""Trump was a businessman first and wasn't good at being a politician. We should cut him some slack.""He was standing up to China and bringing back jobs."My argument was always math and empirical data trumps opinions and tweets every fucking day. But that didn't matter. The election was stolen. Trump deserves to fight on.Then my partner and I (a gay couple) got invited to Thanksgiving with a promise not to discuss politics. My partner is saying no, we're not going. I'm a bit more forgiving.
This is a strong comment but a fair one.
Agreed. FUCK HIS FEELINGS. He's confessed and had a self revelation... now he'll likely go to sleep for 10 more years.
Obama was an absolute middle-of-the-road moderate. He was to the right of Nixon on some issues. But yet he was a radical Christian Muslim extremist. Fuck Trump and conservatives forever for those 8 years of hate and obstruction.
That's the kind of "strong leadership" shown by the likes of Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin. I'm always wary when I hear someone say they want a "strong leader". I prefer wise, competent, and compassionate leaders.As for "telling it as it is", that necessitates being truthful. trump therefore does not "tell it as it is."
This is word for word exactly what my dad says. "He's a blowhard and he's got a ridiculous ego but he tells it like it is and the economy was great. He cut taxes like he said he would and loosened regulation." That's what most Trump voters think. Most of them are not red hat wearing MAGA chuds and white supremacists. Issues like racial injustice and racial inequity don't matter to these voters. They care about the economy and a select handful of social issues. While I couldn't disagree with them more, I think this is an important thing to understand.
40 adult years I've watched this 'show' unwind, waiting for a revolution. I'm a little jaded and a lot discouraged by a 6-3 conservative supreme court.If you think some kind of revolution has begun you are misguided. Nothing happened this week except a very unpopular president was barely defeated.Obama was the "new hope" and look how the turned out. We got Trump in response.I'll get a little more excited after the winner of the election is certified and one side or the other has not erupted in (violent) protests. Until then I'm not really worried about some Texan's epiphany after voting for Trump just a few days earlier.
Basically what I was getting at. If all someone listened to (and believed) was the torrent of totally false propaganda that's been disseminated about Biden, you could hardly think otherwise. Now that people can see who and what Biden really is, I'm curious to see how many right-wingers will actually admit how wrong they were to believe it.
Right wing media.  Bingo! That shit corrupts your mind.
I definitely get it. Not at all the ideal choice, but he gets us in the right direction. Trump would've just dragged us all further into the abyss.  I think the sparse rally attendance is primarily attributable to COVID. Trump supporters don't see it as a threat, so they turned out in droves.
The reason Biden's crowds were smaller is because Democrats listened to the science and social distanced. Also we have jobs we can't leave for a rally.
As depressing as it is, I'm very curious what he does with pardons. Kinda like a train wreck you can't turn away from.
Right? If they compared any of the speeches before the election or even watched the debates, they should of realized this.
At what point did he ever effectively or professionally lead the country?
Yup. My point of view: If you felt informed enough to vote but it took you this long to realize there's something wrong here, don't fucking vote. OP lists a bunch of feel good ideological positions here ("economically libertarian" = "I don't like paying my taxes and never thought about how much of my life wouldn't have been possible without people paying taxes") but also got a little defensive in a comment here saying they didn't follow the ins and outs of US politics over the last 4 years.Humility, people. I honestly don't fucking care what your opinion is. Most people aren't monsters. But if you don't fucking know what you're talking about, stop pretending you do.And that's all there is to it. People can proudly proclaim how incapable they were to understand science and maths in school and they get applauded for it. But god forbid someone calls out political ignorance. Once we talk about politics we throw around big philosophical terms like it was nothing and everyone becomes an expert on sociology, economics and (ironically considering how I started this paragraph), fucking science.If someone voted Trump, they voted for a dipshit denying climate change. As not-an-American, this alone is enough for me to have a serious personal problem with you. Full stop. And with Trump, there's a myriade of these issues.If you voted Trump, you should never ask something like "how could [insert totalitarian regime] happen?" ever again. Instead, if someone asks, step foward, raise your hand and loudly declare "Because of me".Now *that* would regain my respect.EDIT: Got a weird notification about using too many "f-bombs". I am terribly sorry for lacking to diversify my vulgarity in what clearly isn't my fucking native language. Have a nice day.
I'm not trying to actively antagonize OP/people in general btw (except for one degenerate in the comments who should know who they are). I just think the bar needs to be higher. Much, much higher. And conservatives need to fucking grow up.
Oh and btw, because I just remembered: Guess why you won't find me posting on conservative subs? Cause I'm banned. From all of the bigger ones btw.So much for respecting other people's opinions. I know you are allowed to do literally anything as a conservative these days but don't always project your own degeneracy and shitfuckery on the rest of us.
I'm not so sure about that. Sure, he doesn't act in a 'traditionally conservative' way, but he embodies the "fuck you, I've got mine." conservative mindset pretty well. The secret is that 'conservative values' are bullshit, thats why they don't care that he doesn't bother with all the disingenuous virtue signaling lip service Republicans normally spew. Conservatives are pissed because he dropped the curtain and made it much more difficult to maintain the illusion of good faith and plausible deniability.
Giving people passes for being assholes is how we got in this mess. Part of healing would be the consequences people need to face for the shit show of the last 4 years.
>*That's the kind of "strong leadership" shown by the likes of* ***Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin.*** Exactly, or more recently, Putin.  You know, the guy Trump was always trying to suck up to.
No, I don't think some kind of revolution has begun.  I think that we, as liberals, need to work harder at making our message appeal to the rest of the country, including current or recent Trump supporters like OP.  If we don't do that, and soon, we're not only going to fail to take control of the Senate but most likely lose control of the House during the midterms and see more Trump-style presidencies.Trump supporters are not just going to go away after this election.  We need to deal with that fact if we are going to progress, as a nation.  That starts with understanding them, and finding ways to reach them.  The only alternatives are violent ones.
You realize, of course, the time to learn about the candidates is BEFORE the elections, right?
I wouldn't refer to him as a joke per say, just not a candidate I would willingly like to support based on his historical voting and policy practices.
Watch OAN and Fox and compare it to MSNBC especially when they cover Democrats and BLM stuff... just listen to the verbiage. Right wing outlets use words like riot, thug...Left wing outlets use terms like protest and activist... Might not seem like much but words matter.
Well there was this recent story about Fox...  "You Literally Can't Believe The Facts Tucker Carlson Tells You. So Say Fox's Lawyers"  [https://www.npr.org/2020/09/29/917747123/you-literally-cant-believe-the-facts-tucker-carlson-tells-you-so-say-fox-s-lawye](https://www.npr.org/2020/09/29/917747123/you-literally-cant-believe-the-facts-tucker-carlson-tells-you-so-say-fox-s-lawye)
I think conservatives tend to mistake empathy and decency with weakness. They are usually the type of people who think that you earn respect by making people fear you instead of through leadership and sacrifice.
The consequence of so many empty seats at Thanksgiving dinners across the country is consequences enough. Unfortunately all of us paid for it, but unless his base are all millionaires/billionaires they're arguably worse off than before.I get the idea of wanting revenge. What does that actually do for us, in terms of moving the country forward? I want a better world for my daughter, not to own the conservatives.
  Going after Trump voters might make YOU feel better, but it won't heal our nation. This guy only voted- he wasn't an active destroyer of our country. You have to make some decisions on who to punish for their crimes, unless you're aiming for a full blown civil war!
Like what? His record has been as lied about about as much as his character and cognitive ability
OAN, Fox, Sinclair owned local news outlets and a S-LEW of pissant grade local AM radio stations.
Fox News, NewsMax, Breitbart, The Blaze, New York Post, Washington Times, One America News, WorldNetDaily, InfoWars, Drudge Report, Daily Caller, Daily Wire, and a host of other sources from the sewer.
I love this. This nails it. Thank you for laying it out so clearly. Civility politics might be cancer in America, but it happily metastasizes in all sorts of places, including my country. So this was a very helpful contribution.
>See, you'll always justify it to suit your ideologyLook in the mirror.  Facts matter.  When the propaganda contradicts the facts then the propaganda is a lie.
So Biden is going to have access to the uncensored Mueller report soon, right?
Same to that Nazi POS Steve Miller.
How long before Joe can prosecute the entire Trump family?
Those considering giving awards to this post, please please please consider donating those funds to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enightIf unsure who to donate to, I would recommend Stacy Abram's organization as well: https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
Disbar the guy and prosecute him for the full extent of the law. All the laws he broke!
Bye you fat piece of shit
I hope Biden brings back every gdamn career official that was completely fucked over by this regime.
> *Goodbye, Bill Barr*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on November 07, 2020 can be viewed on https://outline.com/47Ueg5
Worthwhile just for the head explosions.
Good choice.However, I heard she wants the Department of Defense job.
Good.  So, he will crawl back into the same dipshit obscurity that he came from.
She wants to fuck up Putin.  And I approve.
How effective would it be with a republican Senate?
Yes. SDNY and New York State are both investigating Trump and his family. New York State has already been successful in a couple fraud cases related to charitable foundations. I imagine that Javanka might have some explaining to do too.
What would the Senate have to do with anything?
Opening any sort of congressional investigation would require their partnership. If state authorities, like NY state, continue their work it will be great. But something at the federal level would be nice too.
Your empathetic statement is the kind of sentiment that has the potential to heal America, and it needs a lot of healing. It's not practical to wait for the other side to extend an olive branch. You have to take the lead, and gain their trust. And doing so will only help, not hurt.
No. This is why liberals lose and never get anything done. Unilateral disarming.
I agree, offer an open hand to them but some conditions should apply, no Nazi supporters need offer their ideas.   No Klan supporters need offer their ideas.  No meeting them half way with OK you can continue to support Nazis. You get the point.
Hitler came into power, and held onto power not because of the work of his fanatic followers, but on the backs of the "little men/Nazis". People who were OK with the round ups of Jews, the theft of their property, the concentration camps, all of it if it meant they were financially secure/comfortable.These conservatives are no different than those little men. There is no welcoming them back until they see the damage they caused, accept the responsibility of it, and make amends for it.
Politics is war.  If it is not fought in the houses of government it will be fought on the streets.  For my whole life (49 years) the Republicans have been waging war and the Democrats have been extending 'olive branches'.  Trump is the result, the wet dream.  McConnell is the ringmaster.What did we get from our olive branches?Uncontrolled pandemic.Millions out of work.Thousands of businesses, large and small, bankrupt.Unaffordable healthcare.Propaganda-as-news.Riots stoked by a president out of control.Courts stacked for a lifetime.It's not time to extend an 'olive branch'.  Meet the Republicans on the field and fight in the houses of Congress, fight in the state legislatures, fight in the White House and State Capitals.  It may already be too late.  The Proud Boys are rattling their sabers.  But maybe if the battle is brought back to the political stage we can avoid a civil war.We'll get nothing from olive branches.
>There is no better time to extend an olive branch to those around us who see the world differently than us.Nope.  Nope nope nope.Right now many Trump supporters still believe Trump will win, or that his re-election was stolen somehow.  They are angry and irrational.  Now is not the time to attempt to reach out to them.  It's fruitless.  Their reaction will be more anger and great suspicion.***If*** any of them ever want to reach out to ***us*** and have a genuine conversation, instead of scream bullshit conspiracy theories and bile, then sure, maybe then it's time to try to reason with them.
Hell no. We were fighting against actual 2020 Nazis. Stop trying to give the worst ppl who are still terrible a pass. I hate dipshit shallow posts like this.
No. No it isn't. Now is the time to politically destroy them, so their backwards, racist, hateful asses can never hold power again. They never extended olive branches to us. They treated us like the enemies of America. Their idea of compromise has always been "fuck you, do it our way." They deserve nothing from us but disdain. Fuck conservatives, they've been fucking us for 40 years.
Geez, I wish I encountered more conservatives like you. That is not, I don't think, the attitude most of us  encounter.
I don't see it happening. Just peep into r/conservatives (which is now private lmfaooo) or r/republican. It's a shitshow over there
The thing is, I wasn't working to "beat these assholes", I was working to make the world a better place. And if extending a handshake, or opening some conversation will get us there, then now is the time to start. Yeah, there are some who will never work with anyone, and there are those who are too bigoted or angry to ever find a reasonable compromise with. But the majority of people aren't that way, they were just hitched to a bad horse. That horse is gone, now we start pulling together instead. And leave the most destructive ones behind in the mud.
The biggest thing is to realize that there isn't just two sides here. There's a whole spectrum of people. So yes, anyone who is too far away from what's right and good for all should be ignored. Anyone who is willing to take steps in the right direction is welcome. It's also not good to think of "our side"as monolithic either. You say "our plan" but I think there's a million different plans.  The biggest breakdowns of the last four years (or more, really, but it's been more evident the last 4) is the "us vs them" mentality.  This isn't a game of football. This is real life. Divisions and teams and sides don't help.
This is hardly the first time a Democratic president has had to clean up the mess left behind by a Republican president.
Relief!Is there any Democratic president who did not inherit a mess from his Republicunt predecessor?
This is a win for everyone. This is what you build on. Biden's election changes the world. I'm living in Germany right now, and it fundamentally changes the politics of Europe for the better.
Yes you need to register in the next few weeks to vote in the runoff. If you're already registered, just make sure it's valid for the January 5th election.Edit - let's go Osoff! "It's not just that you're a criminal, Senator..."
Trump has been disparaging Fox in favor of OANN for years now  It's partly because Fox isn't flattering enough for him, but probably mostly because he wants to start Trump News when he leaves office and usurp their delusional rightwing audience
Those people who claim they don't want the government telling them what to do decided to turn against Fox when trump told them to.
Isn't it weird that there exists such things as Trump supporters?
I'm hoping the radical right splinters off and they won't be able to agree on who is radical enough and they will lose elections because of it. Meanwhile I want the left to become a little more progressive. Not sure what Biden will bring but it's fun sure better than what we have now. I am enjoying watching Trump flail.
I don't want Trump to win but mathematically they did call it way too early.
We all knew it was only a matter of time before those commie pinkoes at Fox News showed their true colors and backstabbed Trump and the Republicans./s
Dude, the tone of Fox the day of the election and day after reflects what you said so much. When I was watching Tuesday, they actually had a pretty good team that was definitely hopeful of Trumps chances but were definitely aware of the mail in votes in critical states and condemned the president's declaration of victory. Didnt see Carlson or Hannity when I switched to Fox that night. Then they called Arizona and the following day they had a Trump campaign official SCOLD the leads of that team the following night, then they took them off and threw on Hannity and Carslon to start drumming up the conspiracy, almost as if they were trying to apologize.
 There's always a certain part of the population that is just waiting for someone to tell them it's okay to be the worst.
I "live in a bubble of liberalism"??? I literally said in my post that I like to read and hear different viewpoints lol
I understand where you're coming from but my intention wasnt to attack and divide but to share an observation I've made of the other viewpoint. I really do value listening to both sides of an argument even though I'm pretty cemented into my views at this point, that's the fabric of this country, BUT Fox News has always been the source of toxic thoughts, conversations, and actions for two thirds my life. I Don't want people saying "Fuck Fox News" just because they THINK they somehow hurt Trumps chances.
I work in a government office and overheard a conversation between two guys who are pretty well connected with the state Republican party. They were both in agreement that the party can't let the crazies take over AND they both said it would be good for the party to be out from under Trump. It was interesting to hear.
That's the new playbook. Now since it looks like Republicans are gonna lose the presidency, it's on us to cater to them, or they cry "division" and "partisan politics". Remember what Trump did in office, and remember when you were told "you lost, get over it".
Hey man all the conservatives I know take almost every news outlet with a grain of salt. Truth has to be discerned by looking at literally every outlet and scrap you can get on something. Biden is my president man. I wasn't ridin with Biden, but now I am. Him doing well is us doing well. Stop giving people the worst interpretation. Many of us are not so bad and you'd be surprised how much we agree on. Even Trump's buffoonery. So please, lets try to use this result as a way to be graceful as losers and as winners. Many of us are willing fully to accept Biden as the president, just keep that in mind. I genuinely hope you're doing alright. I'm just fine, so you must be feelin pretty good lol. You take care!Oh and I don't know a single republican in my life who thinks Alex Jones is a reliable source for journalism
I've never been R, but I sincerely hope they can shake off the radical nonsense. All the gaslighting and lying has twisted many people into believing Alt-Right craziness.
How? By asking you to explain what you're talking about and how it relates to the discussion at hand?
You had me in the first half not gonna lie
You fucking got me you dirty dog
Pats fan here.You got me.I assumed you were talking about the treasonous orange shitgibbon.
Brady just called the Super Bowl for himself.
As a Saints fan, I have to say this is really well written.
I feel like there's an Atlanta Falcons joke in there somewhere....
I think its funny some of you are downvoting my slow clap when it has nothing to do with Trump... I was giving u/nightlythunderstorm credit for fooling me so eloquently.
Texas was never in doubt.  They tried to run Biden's bus of the highway ffs.
Every state's secretary of state website posts information about how much of each county has been counted so far. You can use this information to determine how many votes are left, and in which counties. If 90% of the remaining votes are in republican strongholds, and Trump leads by 6%+, there is literally no reason to think the remaining count will change that (except to add to Trump's existing lead).In the case of Texas this year, Trump's lead is large enough that Biden can't catch up, based on the outstanding votes to be counted.
Following. My entire in law family believes trump voters are being persecuted & are gods holy people. Its become a cult and i don't know how to undo that.
Take Don Lemon's advice and treat them like drug addicts. They have to hit "bottom" before they can change.
So I've had some mild success bridging the gap between myself and some family members that are Trump supporters. This is very broad advice but if you do want to have political conversations with them I wouldn't focus on telling them they are wrong, at least not off the bat. That will simply put them on the defensive and probably cause them to withdraw more.I would really start by asking questions around their thoughts and concerns about politics and why that shapes their worldview. Try to find a common ground to establish trust, maybe they think everyone should have healthcare or whatever. It's more about asking questions so they feel that you're engaged and then when you present your views they may be more receptive. It's a process though.In terms of the crazy news stuff, again I wouldn't bombard them with Politifact links telling them they are wrong. I tend to say things like "I'm not sure if there is any evidence behind that, have you seen any?" I think when you ask people questions like that often enough and with genuine intent they start to realize there isn't anything backing up what they are ingesting. To your point, you cannot directly convince them that this stuff is nonsense, they will slowly have to realize it themselves through discourse.
Hey, I feel this. Here's what I try:1. Find the pool of shared meaning - I know someone who has been a huge Trump critic, but voted straight Republican because, "Democrat's will raise taxes on the middle class" to pay for corona relief.  As hard as it may be, I always try to find some common ground.  "That's terrible," I'll say, "the middle class is hurting too, I do not support raising taxes on the middle class"2. Provide a safe space - I don't try to refute things right away.  Sharing a political idea is someone trying to be vulnerable, studies show that if someone is met with immediate resistance, it will only strengthen their view.  As stupid as it sounds, your parents are scared of the changing world (this is why people say Make America Great Again)  and the right wing media is feeding on that fear to push their agenda.  3. Do your research -  Meanwhile, think about the position and try to come up with a response.  In the previous example, I did some research on [Modern Monetary Policy](https://www.marketplace.org/2019/01/24/modern-monetary-theory-explained/) which says, tldr, the government can print stimulus money, add it too the debt without raising taxes and the only consequence will be inflation.  However, because the economy is a little slow right now, printing money won't cause as much inflation as it would in a booming economy, so we can have stimulus money without raising taxes.4.  Share the win - Remember, you are on their side.  This big scary thing that they are afraid of isn't true!  Reach out with your new found knowledge and say, "I have good news, the government can send stimulus checks without raising taxes on the middle class! I even found this cute article with a cartoon, you should read it."  The problem is that they don't have rational people to talk politics with in the first place.  Tell them that you like that you can talk politics with them, you probably know other families who can't handle small disagreements.  Tell them you care about them! You wouldn't be searching for advice if you didn't.5. Rinse and repeat - In this example, I would continue thinking about ways to prevent raising taxes on the middle class.  I would reach out again and ask if they read the article and hey, by the way, what if we legalized and taxed marijuana?  Wouldn't that solve the problem too?  The government could divert resources  from the criminal justice system and prison complex and use that as stimulus funds.  Maybe there will be some left over to support American manufacturing and agriculture or whatever it is they care about.&#x200B;Hang in there!
I'm going to follow this as I'm in the same boat. Not with parents because they're gone but my entire f'ing family has gone hard core Fox News and other right wing conspiracy outlets. Fact checking is unproductive. It's a left lie to them, that I'm making up.  I don't get it and I'm afraid they're just lost forever.
 [I found this article interesting](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/people-drawn-to-conspiracy-theories-share-a-cluster-of-psychological-features/) as it mentions that people with anxiety can be drawn to conspiratorial thinking. In my opinion, there are a number of factors at play that can lead to this other than anxiety, such as: loneliness, isolation, financial struggles, and when taken all together these lead to people becoming protective of themselves and paranoid. Good luck trying to free them of their delusions.
Ive had people leave their church because it ran counter to what Trump told them. They have made their choice.
Honestly, I don't think there's anything you can do outside of what you're already doing.  My mom and dad are on the Trump train, and they know not to bring up politics around me anymore.  In the past when they would bring up something defending Trump, I would just laugh in their face and tell them they need to lay off the FoxNews.  They haven't changed their views and they still watch FoxNews all day long, but they now know better than to talk that crazy shit to me.  So laughing in their face and not taking their claims seriously, along with me distancing myself from them these last couple years has helped change the way they behave around me, maybe it will help for your situation as well.Summary: Laugh in their face and don't even give them the courtesy of a response or a fact-check when they're being bat shit crazy.  Also, distancing yourself from them will help get the point across that you don't support them being part of a cult.
It's a cult. They're most likely lost until something shakes their faith so inexorably they abandon it. Im sorry.
Divorce them. Uncle Joe and Kamala Harris are your parents now.
https://www.rawstory.com/2020/11/whats-wrong-with-68-million-americans-expert-says-trumps-mental-illness-infected-48-of-the-electorate/Not an unbiased site but seems to address same problem
You can't. My dad cries that covid is a hoax all day long, after witnessing his sister catch it in a nursing home where over 70% of the residents have DIED from it.At the same time he bitches about people not wearing their masks.  Conservatives are literally insane.
My dad thinks this election is as bad as 9/11. There is no saving them.
 Holy shit, Newsmax is still around?
Perhaps it will diminish when he is finally gone from power .... scary to think that 35-40% of our fellow countrymen might retreat into the fantasy world they have created .... is anyone else contemplating moving overseas for a year or 2 ?
My general advice is to just cut contact with people like that  I realize that's not an option for everyone, but it's really just not worth the stress of trying to reform such people
Ask questions. Don't immediately say they're wrong or stupid or crazy. That'll only make them defensive and close down.So, ask questions. Walk them through the conspiracy theory by asking logical questions. Keep your tone soft, light, genuine.Almost like talking to a child to get them to fess up to something or understand something.It's worked pretty well for me with my brother and dad. Whereas my mom's hate for Trump (her way of talking about him) includes getting emotional, loud and rude (sometimes downright mean) so they will not take anything she says seriously. They shut down. They're human, too.Be patient, calm, and logical - if you really want to discuss things with Trumper family and not make them feel stupid/crazy/villains/etc like most people do.Also researching the subject and having facts available helps to debunk their stories. They (right) hear one side, we (left) hear one side. Usually the answer is in the middle.And remember, they spend way more time with these Fox/Newsmax/conspiracy theories and people who believe the way they do than they spend with you or any middle ground sources. They are inundated with people/things that reaffirm their beliefs.So maybe go out for walks with them daily or every other day? Give them your attention and just hang out or watch a movie. Any time away from the propaganda is good...Edits. Many, many edits. Everything I've suggested works for me when I'm talking online with right-wingers.Us berating them will never change their minds. It's like being in an abusive relationship; no one can make you leave or see the light. All we can do is be there and encourage them to open their eyes. And it never happens overnight. If people aren't open minded they're not going to change their mindset just like that. Time" patience and effort is required.
You can start simply limiting your contact time with them, eventually they will ask why.  Make up some reason why, or just say we can talk and see each other, but politics is off the table.  If they care about you, they will comply.  If not...
Can it save my wayward daughter?
Cut them off that's how. Let them know how insane they are being, show them facts, let them know how much it hurts you, and then say goodbye. It's these types of wake up calls people need when they get sucked into a cult.
That's really good advice! Neither addicts or the brainwashed are anchored in reality and they have to want to change. This all just so sad.
What exactly does hitting bottom mean in this context? The drug addiction  analogy only goes so far.
There's a Lincoln Project video titled something like 'How To Talk To Your MAGA Family'. It suggests focusing on *Shared Values* rather than political differences.
I honestly tried to have this very same discussion with my father just yesterday about how the U.S. needs a system in place like Australia's. His response was that blue-collar workers gave up some of their pay/salaries in order to get access to better health care, and if we move to a government-based system, they'll lose that better health care. Meanwhile I'm just thinking, "in what world is that even okay?'. I cannot reason with them.
You sound like a teacher trying to get students to use critical thinking skills. And I applaud you.
This is why Trump needs a public trial for asking Russia to attack America.
Maybe show them thisTrumpianity Vs Christianity: https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/10-signs-youre-actually-following-trumpianity-instead-of-christianity/https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/could-american-evangelicals-spot-the-antichrist-heres-the-biblical-predictions/
How? How can you love trump, but also suggest to your girl that fact checking is necessary? These seem incompatible,  to be honest.
You should stop licking lead paint.
Cutting them off will endanger his inheritance.  And besides, I bet OP loves them.  I was able to tell my few right winger cousins to fuck off but honestly, I did not give a shit about them to begin with and no money was on the line.  OP has a more difficult situation.
Whenever I talk to my brother I feel like the proverbial deer caught in the headlights.  Everything he says catches me by surprise and once I have researched an answer he comes up with something new. Its exhausting.According to my brother, Australia is putting infected people in camps and Scandinavians(my brother's biological grandfather was Scandinavian) are immune to Covid. Sigh
It's not political anymore.  It's amoral views, it's views that affect the livelihood of other human beings.
Do people really live their life to make sure they get an inheritance as soon as they are 50?
I'm getting spammed by a soon-to-be ex-friend with Jimmy Dore videos, telling me I'm brainwashed by the mainstream media, and the Democratic Party is the real enemy. Elections have consequences. One consequence of this election is I've lost all respect for some of my soon-to-be former friends.
Sounds like they're the real cry babies
It's been rough & this is all very serious. Still... I must thank you for the literal lol for the Santa bit. It turns out that sometimes laughter does help.
It's 1am in CO right now. I got about 4 hours of sleep last night then worked a 12hr day hungover. I stopped at Taco Bell on my way home tonight to try their grilled cheese burrito thing because I hadn't eaten all day. I hadn't had TB in probably 5 or 6 yrs. I don't know what that means, I was self medicating in some way I guess. Now I'm up binge watching "Shitt$ Creek". I feel cautiously optimistic about Biden but I'm so sad that almost half the country supports such a gross and hateful person like Trump. I'm *still* confused by 2016. I don't dislike Biden but he doesn't inspire me at all. If Kamala Harris happened to step into the presidency I wouldn't be too upset. I'm worried that I'm witnessing the decline of the US but I'm so glad in live in CO since we did well locally. Such a mixed bag of feelings. I'm emotionally worn out and ready for things to settle down. 4 yrs of crazy was enough.
I have been afraid even try to allow hope to enter my thoughts after election night. What I'm most upset about is Mitch the Bitch still being a Senator with majority power. He bragged that he prevented Obama from getting ANY judicial appointments confirmed in the last two years of his presidency. He'll just go on and do the same with Biden. I hate that mf-er worse than. i hate Trump, and that's saying something. Why is it ok for Republicans to get away with gaming the system year after year after year with NO repercussions? He, Lindsay, and Trump are just going to form a shadow government, banking on spending the next two years enflaming their rabid followers into acts of violence with the plan to recapture the House in two years by selling the "Biden can't get Shit done (due to their blocking relief bills, stimulus, cabinet appointments) in an act of open rebellion and absolute malfeasance of the offices they hold. Fuck everyone in South Carolina who voted for Lindsay and double fuck everyone in Kentucky who voted for Moscow Mitch.
I feel a lot of distance right now with my Trump-loving relatives. He is their messiah and I want no relationship with them anymore. And it's my fault. It feels great.
Miami here holding up pretty well I just wish Arizona would just get it over with one way or the other, I'm not holding my breath that we will win Georgia but Georgia said they would be coming out with the total tonight so if for some reason Biden doesn't win Georgia I'm thinking Arizona and Nevada would probably be the last hope of him winning? Of all the news stations out there faux news called Arizona for Biden last night and I've heard that the drumpf team contacted them and asked them to open Arizona up again and the guy doing the polling for that station said no because what he saw in the voting pattern Biden is going to win Arizona.
really want to fuck with their heads? tell them your a man/woman of god and then pray in tongues.
In a couple of years they'll be ashamed of this behavior but will make up any excuse to justify it. A couple of more years and they'll go in hiding but the racism and corruption will still be there, ready for someone to exploit. Shameful.
That's what happens to most people who's family members fall for cult leaders.
The MAGAt is a symptom of putrefaction, not a cause. The rot is deep-rooted. That Retardicans can so easily be tricked into voting against their own interests is proof we need to re-engineer society from the bottom up
Show them they are wrong.  Politicians shouldn't be idolized.  We shouldn't hate anyone for how they voted.  Like you,  I don't advertise my politics but when it comes up the first point i get to its that I respect their opinion no matter what it is.
Jimmy Door is a weird youtube guy. He says he is a progressive, but he is always ragging on Democrats for every little thing. I got tired of his shtick.
I would like to know how these people feel when they think back to this time in 10 or 20 years. I hope things will have changed enough that they feel foolish. I fear that it won't.
Jimmy Dore needs to retire and go write a book or something
The Republicans are the ones fighting the culture war, I say we start fighting back. Fuck em.
Everything Republicans complain about is projections of their own actions. Calling people snowflakes was no exception. The party of "fuck your feelings!" sure are sensitive aren't they?
That's an understatement. I didn't once think that the election was stolen or there was cheating at all in 2016. Most people didn't. But this year because their dear leader is losing, his supporters are swarming ballot counting centers demanding to be let in. It's insane.
One of the biggest parts of Trumpism is projection.They simply claim the liberals do all the things they do, and then it's somehow justified for them to do it.I've never seen a mass cult work before as it happens. It's really terrifying seeing otherwise reasonable people fall down this rabbit hole.
It's the little things. We've really had a hard time in the last 4 years. My wife has lost her job and is working several part time jobs now. My parents and I have been on the outs because of their over the top Trumpism. I've lost friends because they turned out to be racist. I just want to move on now. We all should want to move on. But what makes this worse is that 50% of the country still voted for Trump and they are still gonna be out there. We have to find a way to move on together.
More than anything, I want bipartisanism to return to government. I want to be able to talk to a stranger and not worry about their politics or have them throw some crazy curveball Trump saying at me. I think some of them are really going to have an identity crisis. Some supporters went full one insane and latched on to this because they could finally let their racism, bigotry, and hate hangout with no backlash. Those people are still gonna be out there no matter what. That's what I worry about.
In the words of drumpf and all his cultists "Fuck their feelings"
Oh wow. That's really very odd. I'm sorry to hear about this. As happy as I am that the election is going well so far, it does seem like "well now what that hell do we do?" If Trump is gone, his supporters have a reckoning and we all have to figure out how to move on.I wouldn't even be bothered by Trump supporters if they hadn't started off after the 2016 election saying "Get over it!" or "if you don't like it, leave the country" or talking about liberal tears all the time. I have no desire to rub this in anyones face if Biden wins. I just want to move on and be a decent damn country again.
I do kind of expect in 10 years no one will admit that they supported Trump. They will at least try to justify it with "oh well....the liberals were communist then". Ugh.But honestly.....I think IF Biden wins, things are going to escalate. You're going to see some Trump supporters do stupid things. Today we saw a pickup truck FULL of people riding around with a bull horn saying that the election was being stolen. 5 Trump flags waving on the truck. No doubt they were armed too. The "Y'all Queda" will likely pickup a little more. Block bridges again. Make a lot of noise. I just hope no one gets killed.
No, Trump has shown them that they can publicly revel in their deplorable behavior and get away with it. He's awakened something awful that's been there for 170 years.
No they won't. That's the problem.
>	RetardicansCan we not with the ableist slurs?
I'm sorry, but if you support, endorse and vote for a racist, you are a racist. Period.
Yeah, and the latest tells me I need to hear what Jimmy Dore has to say, because it's the truth, and he is literally the *only* source for the truth. It truly defies logic. Any advice about something that might help extricate him from the cult?
Actually dear leader claimed illegals voting cause him to lose the popular vote
My oldest daughter is a tRump supporter. I don't know where I failed her? Unbelievable where their mind set is. She's very nasty about it. Her support of him. It's sad. I know at some point we'll have to find a way to move forward.
they only love winning.So make sure you mention to them how rare it is to be a one-term president.  "hmmm....Obama won two terms" should do it
That's the thing - drumpf spent four years bragging about his "win" and making such an obnoxious ass out of himself, and his followers all just copied him, but it never occurred to them that sooner or later he'd have to leave the white house and all their abuse was going to come back on them.
I have no idea how Biden is going to fix this if he wins. My only thought is that he protect worker rights, brings jobs back to America (somehow), and fix our broken elections. He only has $15 minimum wage in his platform, and some other things not worth remembering to me.
Yes. The people that worked the gas chambers were are guilty as the ones giving the orders. You do not get let off the hook because you allowed someone to behave a certain way.
I'm sorry to hear that. It must be painful for you. Just from my studying his supporters they just like belonging to something they see as strong and like minded. Most of them are very into the Trump culture because they feel slighted in some way, are unhappy about it, and want to get back at someone for it. In my mothers case, it's probably jealousy or feeling uneducated. My cousin dropped out of college, got knocked up, and manages a hotel. She's massively in debt, overweight, and unhappy about everything and she blames Obama for that. No kidding. Her outlet is being insane about Trump and his cult.
They don't even care about winning. [They only want to see liberals lose, even if it means they're also losing.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BasedShitposting/comments/jod9tz/pwning_the_libs/)
Well, I hope you find a way to get past this. My parents, at least my mom, will expect me to throw this in her face if Biden wins. I will not do this. I want to continue on and pretend the last 4 years was a mistake that we'll all learn from. But I know her. She will say something sarcastic and make a big deal out of it. Ugh
Yeah I feel like this all could be some kind of amazing, dramatic movie culminating in him losing like this. I'm sure there will be many many books about this in our future. It's been really like a nightmare and some kind of radical experiment with our democracy. His supporters have never thought about what they should do once the music stops. With most fanatical cult followings, once the leader is gone, things fall apart. But unfortunately, he isn't going to be "gone" gone. I think Trump will start his own news network similar to NRA TV and push crap to his followers that way.
Wow. Sorry to hear all that. My daughter is always the victim. No matter the situation or the cause. Which is usually her doing. Anyway. Go Joe.
He's already said he's going to flee the country, and Russia doesn't extradite.I'm sure he'll still be on social media, bragging and making impotent threats from the other side of the world, and nobody will really care.
Everyone has a threshold and there is no reason to put up with abuse.
Take the win. Nothing gets better overnight metaphorically, and especially literally.
Trump will be gone and people who actually give a sh*t about people will be taking care of things like the virus.  This is a huge win.
I will really enjoy not worrying what department, official or environmental protections are being destroyed (like everyday for the last 4 years).  Change takes time, but there are several executive orders that can be reversed quickly...oh and NO more Stephen Miller...YAY!
After reading this article how is any other word then deplorable appropriate. Hillary Clinton as flawed as a candidate was was ahead of her time with her statement.
This is WHY his cult voted for him. They love all that stuff.
50% of Americans need to be severely humbled,  IMO.
Even if Biden manages to win this thing, I still feel so let down by how close Trump was able to get.
I like how Hillary Clinton says deplorables and it costs her support but Trump mocks disabled reporter and people laugh and he says how stupid is Iowa then wins Iowa
I feel let down that voters in Kentucky and South Carolina returned their complicit asshole Senators to Washington.
Hoooboy...google "liberation theology" and see for yourself.
You can be whatever you want. However if consistency matters to you, you may find yourself at an impasse.I should preface by saying that if you are catholic and pro-choice, you are not catholic. You're something else. This is the realization I had while with the Jesuit school that changed my life trajectory.I personally could not square that gay people are clearly the product of genetics and thus shunning them just doesn't calculate in my head. If God made man then God made gay people thus being gay is OK thus I can no longer believe the thing that says otherwise. So poof, no longer catholic and I left.I was in the training to join the priesthood when Obama announced his candidacy. By the time I voted for him this realization had unpacked itself enough that I was in a full blown crisis by the time he won. I voted for him and knew I did the right thing in doing so but my entire identity was in question since if I wasn't catholic, and I had always been very catholic, then what was I?2 years into his presidency I realized: I just cannot believe any religion. They do not jive with observable reality. God maybe is real. Abortion maybe is wrong. But the Bible is not what decides that.So... Yes. You can be liberal and whatever else. You can be liberal and love guns. But you cannot be pro choice and catholic. It is an unambiguous rule by the literal vessel of gods word, the pope. And similarly if you don't think that the pope is a vessel through which god speaks then you're not catholic. You're a Christian or whatever you like. But not catholic.Catholicism has a rule book, like Monopoly. If you start putting cash on free parking, you're playing a different (albeit similar) game.
I have a good friend who is Catholic and also an extremely educated, intelligent electrical engineer. I asked him once if science versus religion is ever an issue for him.He replied that he often struggles with reconciling his religious beliefs with what science has taught him but that in the end he is able to believe in a god that prefers his morality (versus suppresive bible passages) no matter how it is obtained.He says he's positive the Bible was always interpreted by man (males, not females) in their best interest at the time...and still is today.
jesus was liberal, don't forget that.
I personally disagree with this. I don't think you have to believe every single thing a given religion teaches to identify as a member of that religion. 98% of Catholic women have used birth control for Christsake!OP, if you want to stay in the Church for whatever reason, know that many (if not the majority) of the leity doesn't agree with *100%* of the Churches teachings. Religion is what you make of it.
I would love to have a woman president, but I don't think it'll happen anytime soon. The fact is sexism is a real issue in the US that's rarely talked about. Just look at how they how conservatives attack Nancy Pelosi, AOC, Hillary, or literally any female democrat.
Turnout is higher this year. And, for reasons I've never figured out, a significant chunk of the U.S. actively hates Hillary and would not vote for her under any circumstance. I think I once heard that number at around 40%. I found it pretty shocking.
Well first of all leftists were screaming from the hills that Hillary was a weak candidate in 2016. So it wasn't exactly unexpected. That said it doesn't look like there's going to be all that much of a difference in popular vote margin, so might have been just 'luck of the draw' basically.
Honestly. Like 60-65% of democratic elected officials are men, yet it seems like 70-80% of Republican attacks on Dems target women.
I can think of 3 times when a woman has been on the ticket for one of the two major parties and each one of them lost. Kamala Harris will make history for this reason, if she wins.As a man, I agree that sexism is real and it's embarrassing.
I love seeing TRUMP lose, it's my daily medicine, my weekly energy, my monthly inspiration and my yearly motivation. His loss is the only reason i'm still alive, i was born to love and enjoy the failure that he has achievedcopypasta asides, I'm really confident that we will win, I'm not American tho.
One side wants to remove basic rights and choice from groups they don't like. This side actively shuns science and shuns working together for the health and safety of society.The other side wants to provide basic rights and choice to all regardless of gender, race, religion, and orientation. This side supports science, and supports working together for the health and safety of society.There is no middle ground here and there shouldn't be. The only good outcome is using education and information to help all individuals discern which side is worth supporting. This is unfortunately difficult when one side is also actively against education.
I'm upper middle class and I'm fine with paying taxes. Hell, I'd be fine with paying more taxes if it meant universal health care, better schools, more opportunities for people to advance.I feel like it's part of the social contract. I contribute to society by paying taxes. I also reap the benefits of living in a prosperous country. It's just a matter of thinking of more than just yourself. The whole "fuck you, I've got mine" attitude will be the downfall of the country.
This is why democrats lose. Stupid shit like this turns people away form our good ideas
What land has not been stolen from some indigenous people?
In this fictional world, can you do illegal things in a stolen land?
Came here to say this.  I mean, those poor Neanderthals got the whole damn world stolen from them.  Are we all illegal?  Well . . .
Come here legally and want to assimilate into this country, no one has a problem with that type of immigration. BUT come over here illegally and tell us our lives need to change to better their lives here, that's where the issue will arise from. Also politicians favoring people that came here illegally over citizens will cause problems. Does that make sense? I really want to understand or at least see where the bleeding heart liberal viewpoint is coming from. Am I the asshole for believing oneself should be the one taking care of yourself?
Well, hold on. A lot of those folks are just trying to do the best they can for themselves and their families and have been dealt a bad hand. And there are entire industries that depend on undocumented labor. Employers who need workers and workers who need employers having to break the law to find each other is a symptom of bad lawsIf we had good immigration and economic policies it would not create the need and incentive for folks to break the law. But no one can do better than the best they can with what they have, and when laws are bad sometimes people have to break them for themselves and their families
I think the problem here is that, for some reason, border security is welded in our minds to restrictive immigration policy. We can have a much easier path in for the folks coming in through the border that our economy needs and who need us. Those issues, immigration policy and border security, are different.As for how we secure our border, the US/Mexico border us so long that the best way to solve the problem is to form strong economic bonds with Mexico that will lift them into stability and prosperity so its as safe as our Northern border, and to work with them on coordinated solutions with Mexico to the crime and trafficking problems
Having strong border security and having easier, more inclusive paths to legal immigration are not mutually exclusive. Easier immigration will reap so many more pros than cons, double meaning there.
I already have a few bottles of red lined up for Tuesday night. I know we will probably not know the pres race that night, but seeing the Senate fall to the blue would be a win no matter. Here's to hope.
>Are we that lacking in education? How do we have such a severe critical thinking problem?Yes. Completely by design. In addition to [this list](https://spy.com/articles/gadgets/video-media/best-political-books-anti-intellectualism-america-amazon-109364/) I would add [*Manufacturing Consent*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manufacturing_Consent) as explanatory texts
I am surprised and saddened about just how much this election has me on edge.    I have been through many election nights which were tense but none with that sense of dread days before.Historically rhe candidates were not so polar opposite.  This election though a vote for Trump really is a vote for hatred.   In 2016 Trump supporters saw a candidate without political baggage and wanted to give him a shot and hope for the best.   I get that.   Now 4 years later we see what he broughtnto the table and it is a steaming pile of shit.   So now voters voting for Trump are not voting on hope,  but voting that they want more of his steaming pile of shit.  It makes me feel like we are all lesser people for this.   This election is going to divide us more because the Trumpers are proud of their shit eating and they can't wait to give us more of it.    If you look at Trump in 2020 and come to the conclusion that is the future you want for yourself and for your society then I don't know how we progress from there. Tuesday night is going to be tense.   Because this election sets the tone not just of the presidency, but of the people that make up this nation.  I want to believe more us are not shit eaters but I am preparing myself to see that we are.
It should be 538 to nothing.
What's really bad is what I'm living with. Almost every single friend that I grew up with is a Trump supporter. Almost every single family member I have is a Trump supporter. Thank God not all, but it is really disheartening. I cannot understand it because it seems so obvious to me that he is the absolute worst president of all time and will end up costing them what they believe in if he gets the power that he wants.
Yeah, I feel sick to my stomach. It's so horrifying, isn't it? This slow rot had been creeping in right under our noses for years. All I know is I will never take my civic responsibilities for granted again. A democracy relies on its people to preserve it.
I feel at the moment and for the last 3 years it's been hard to gauge how many people in the US are actual disgusting die hard Trump supporters.I say this because I understand so many Republicans voted for him in 2016 for their particular conservative reasons and not because they actually like the guy.But THIS election will show us exactly how many crazy fuckers there are in the US.I truly believe many many Republicans who voted for him will not do so this time now that they've seen how he is.So I'm very anxious and curious to see what the popular vote is this time so I know for real what kind of country I live in.
The internet has everyone so far up their own butts that they actually think that "voting trump to own the libs" is a worthy endeavor, like it's just something they can sit back and watch, without real-world consequences that will affect them.They're cheering for a fat orange bully like it's a football game and their side is cheating like hell, but they can all go home safe and sound and the game stays in the stadium.They're wrong.
Trumpism is a cult. Trumpets are cult members. They need to be deprogrammed just like scientologists.
I'm hoping the media just doesn't want to fall into the same trap as 2016.  I hope they are saying toss up because they don't want people to fall complacent.
Tuesday is the day we start putting things right.  I have to be optimistic.
America is not immune to propaganda.Given the lowering standards of public education and lack of critical thinking skills honed by religious belief PLUS a huge television and newspaper propaganda network funded by billionaires, it should come as no surprise that America is at this point.  That facebook and other social media have added their micro-targeting, behavioral-modification and hugely addictive mind control technology to the pile is just the icing on the cake.
Trump supporters are uneducated idiots that keep voting for Trump due to their love for racism, that's why.
I mean we will probably have a pretty general idea by that night, so I approve of your preparation plans! I will be doing the same. Cheers and hopefully happy tears only.
Dude, yes. Thank you so much! I'm excited to read about this problem at its root.
Seriously, dude. I want to have a "we have it in the bag" attitude, but I just don't know. This guy is beyond fucking corrupt. If he wins the electoral college, it's all fair! If he loses, it's corrupt and he won't accept the results! How is anyone okay with this sort of dialogue? This is some seriously fascist behavior and I can't believe people have been so tricked by him and his propaganda machines. The republican party is literally becoming everything they supposedly fear and it's all being taken right under their nose.
It completely blows me away that his supporters are so rabid when it comes to defending that vile POS. It's sad what I see in this country, and I just hope this nightmare ends after Tuesday.
I cannot undertstand how they still support him. How do they not realise what he's doing, do they deny the evidence of their senses? 1984 was right, you don't need to float off the ground, you just need everyone to think you are.
EXACTLY. How did it even get to this point? We have some serious reflecting to do as a country.
Don't feel too bad. Many people just end becoming what they're around. I'm proud of you for doing your homework and forming a different and educated opinion from what you were used to seeing. Conversations are important too! You will learn that most Trump Supporters justify backing him with hot air; a lot of repetitive talking points, regurgitated dialogue, things that are patently false, conspiracy theories, etc. At least that's something I've definitely noticed every time I speak with a Trumpet.
Thank you for choosing country over party this year.
Dude, his handling of the pandemic was HORRENDOUS. He literally got covid. The guy that was supposed to be in charge of the virus and has more resources than ANYONE to stay safe from the virus, got the fucking virus. -_- That is some serious baffoon shit.
Beautifully put. Couldn't agree more. Cheers to freedom and may she never leave us.
No kidding - been feeling sick to my stomach for 4 years. This needs to be over. Can't wait for Wednesday and hoping for an unequivocal outcome.
Yeah, that's a good point. I was listening to the news the other day and they stated that we should fear the "shy" Trump supporter that is never taken into account. But then, someone argued that by the same coin we have to take into account the shy Trump opposer. Republicans and conservatives that are quiet about their opposition to Trump. It was really interesting. Or people that didn't go out and vote the first time because they didn't think he can win. I think a lot of people want this guy out.
The very states that support him the MOST are generally lower income states too. Somebody please make it make sense. This man does not give one fuck about you and never has. He would never cross your path, nor ever need to. He is a rich, white dude from New York with daddy's money. You are stanning a trust fund, corrupt, Park Ave. thief. So embarrassing.
He is definitely racist and I think he encouraged racism as well.
Can you imagine if someone SMARTER was in his shoes with the same goals and agenda? We would be seriously fucked. But, yes you're right. World domination and stupidity don't mix well, fortunately.
Yes. The fact that he even has a fighting chance is such a big red flag for this country. It shows that they really ate up his shitty rhetoric and obvious propaganda. Such a damn shame.
Epic rant, dude. I enjoyed reading. But, see. I don't even hate those states. I actually still think they DESERVE better, but they constantly vote against their own interests because they correlate "MURICA" with "Republican" and nothing can be further from the truth. Haha. I love all citizens and want better for them, but can they say the same about me? A metropolitan, multi-cultural student? Why are they so angry?? Lol.
Chances are I would not, unless I felt Ted Cruz had a real chance of ruining us permanently. I do not like when people speak poorly of anyone. Its a big sign of weakness to me and it is often a projection. If Trump carried himself the same way he does now, but was "Democrat" I would not vote for him. He is a trash human being lol.
That reason being there are a lot of stupid and/or racist people to vote for him. It's really not a very close race as of now though.
>I mean we will probably have a pretty general idea by that nightAs of yesterday it was Biden's game with a 96% chance of winning and 38% chance of a landslide victory.Of course, that's if every American gets to vote and all those votes get counted. Drumpf has been suing multiple states to stop counting ballots and it's not even Election Day.
Question is how to solve it. I'm not American but this anti intellectualism is starting to effect the rest of the western world too.Other than educating the youth and waiting for the old generations to just die.. I honestly don't know how to deal with this anymore.
I would like to second the recommendation of Chomsky's Manufacturing Consent. It was appalling.
There are currently dozens of articles outlining all the legal shenanigans his attorneys already have pre-loaded for when he loses. Everything from challenging each state's ballot total to flat-out ordering each governor to decertify the ballots and appoint all hand-picked GOP electors to vote for him.Almost none of it has any serious legal traction, but it would tie the election up in the courts for a long time. That's all he wants - the spotlight, for as long as possible.
Not only that, but he got covid, everyone around him is getting covid, they know how serious it is and still they were more concerned with getting the Scotus seat filled rather than get another stimulus package rolling. The fact that when I bring this up to Trumpers and they tell me that the vacant seat is more important...... With complete lack of humanity.
I just want some type of normalcy in our politics again. Remember when Obama wore a tan suit and that's about as controversial as it ever got? I miss those days. Ready for an efficient, respected and quiet presidency.
Stupid people are easily frightened and will vote for anyone even pretending to be a strongman. That's why drumpf made a [valiant effort to abolish the Department of Education ENTIRELY.](https://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/02/09/514148945/about-that-bill-abolishing-the-department-of-education)It failed, of course, but you see the contempt these low-information assholes have for education and those who indulge in it.
Trump is always a racist pig. He'd emboldened a lot of racist people to come out of the woodwork & had constantly spread racism, misogyny, fascism & bigotry on every angle. Plus he incites violence against minorities like myself who aren't Caucasian males. I swear, if the people of this country lets this clown have another term, then America deserves to lose the small amount of respect that it has left.
Sigh. He sucks so bad even he knows it.
Agreed. Biden is likely to win on his own merits but whether the Trump supreme court and Justice department is going to allow him to win is anyone's guess.
And just imagine the collective trumpian freakout as President Nancy Pelosi is sworn into office.
In 2016 41% of white males under 40 voted for trump.   The majority of older white women, 63% ,voted for Hillary Clinton.  Go look at the photos from the Charlottesville marchers.  Those are young white men you are looking at.    It is not old folks that ushered in trump, it was men.  The majority of white men of all ages voted trump.  The opposite was true for women.  It is neither correct or helpful to blame  all older people for trump, and wanting them to die off won't work.
Can't wait to be appalled. Definitely buying now.
I can see Electors going against the local State vote, in Conservative States, to vote for him. It's possible that he loses the electoral college, and popular vote, and yet due to electoral college shenanigan's still wins "in accordance with the system established by the Founding Fathers." It would be a true nightmare scenario. Most likely what we'll see is that if he's ahead on Election day, he'll declare victory and then go to SCOTUS to name him victor. Best case for the Republic is him not being ahead on Election day.
His campaign is built on hate and dommination. He isn't even conservative, he's just anti-progressive.
Exactly. Say it louder for the undecideds in the back! :)
Canadian PM's wife got it. Not their whole entire official office LOL. And yes, conservative boris Johnson contracted it after undermining the virus heavily. Also, I wouldn't care about Trump contracting the virus so much if he wasn't going on a national rally tour talking about how the virus is going away. Lol.
My point exactly! Like, y'all call yourselves "conservative" but he is the literal antithesis of conservative. 3 marriages, 3 baby mama's, sex scandals up the wazoo, Russian money, porn star payouts, rich, from New York, was pro choice until he needed to pander?? Like, Jesus Christ man. Can't you see the con-man conning!?
He's already talking about fleeing the country when Biden wins.
Mostly anti-Obama. He's been systematically trying to pick away literally everything Obama did, even the things that were 100% great for America, made people happier, reduced taxes and lowered the deficit. Drumpf and his drumpflings didn't care, they just wanted to erase every scrap of Obama's legacy, even the stuff that they'd been DEMANDING back in the 80s (like the Individual Mandate for health insurance).He even BRAGGED about having defeated Obama in the last election, when Obama wasn't even running. What the fuck man?
They show Trump having a 10-11% chance of winning. Considering the downside of what happens if he's re-elected, I think it makes sense to feel like the outcome rests on a knife's edge. It's insane that he even has a 10% chance.
I'd rather see him in prison, desperately filing lawsuits but not having Congress in his pocket anymore.
He forgets no country wants us there because of covid.  I would love to see him watch Ivanka and the boys get taken away in handcuffs. That might mean something to him.    But at this point, I don't care how he goes, just so he goes.  If Biden decides to "look forwards not back" like Obama did I will be livid.  We need justice.  I have my old boom box ready to put out on my porch.  If Joe Biden wins I am playing the national anthem at full volume for my neighbors.
Seniors have very good reason to be concerned about healthcare and pre-existing conditions.
Never count on Florida, land of Jeb Bush and hanging chads.
Vote like your childrens lives depend on the right outcome.
I believe there is a "I'm voting for Trump but am too embarrassed to admit it to a pollster" contingent, and I would not be at all surprised if it was 5-7%.  Count no chickens until Nov 7, and even if you're in a safe state or a hopeless state, vote.
This is fantastic news! Also:#VOTE
Always vote like you are half a point behind
The polls also said Hillary was leading and look what happened. Ignore the polls. Vote anyway.
Vote like Biden is down by 20 on the polls
Bullshit. I trust no polls, EVERYONE needs to go and vote.  Trump Supporter, Biden supporter, or any other political candidate: VOTE  Red state, blue state, or anything in between: VOTEIf you haven't voted by mail already, go on election day and VOTE.  Vote like this is the last time you'll be able, because it very well might be.
I think more boomers have figured out that their parents fought and died fighting against fascism overseas, so they should stop supporting it here. Disclaimer: Am (embarassed) boomer.
Trump has stated that he will end Social Security if re-elected. Pay attention, seniors of FL and AZ.
THIS!There's nothing more distasteful and off-putting than the talking heads with their charts and graphs and poll surveys calling the scores like this is the Kentucky Derby.
Because, literally, their lives do depend on the right outcome.
Yes, please vote for my future!
I think most of the Trump voters remaining at this point are stupid enough to be proud of it.
Isn't Social Security considered the "third rail of politics"? That's a pretty politically suicidal statement on his part.
I'd argue that a lot of dems maintain a margin of error hypothesis along these lines to avoid becoming complacent when the polls show an notable advantage, like was seen for a while in 2016.Between the possibility of another surprising Trump base turnout and the threat of a de-legitimized/contested election with many biased state governments and supreme court, and given current POTUS isn't someone who has acknowledged he would just concede on a loss, Democrats really want to get the vote out in strength this time.
It is, but Trump is a profoundly stupid person.
So was appointing radical partisan judges - the times they are a'changin'.
To be fair, he didn't outright say he'd end SS, but rather that he's going to try to end the payroll taxes that fund SS. The end result is the same, but spinning it as "cutting taxes" makes him able to sell it to his base.
This is profoundly ignorant and only thinking of yourself. My mom lives on the tiny bit of social security that she gets. She is almost 70 and has worked since she was 15. She "retired" because she had COVID and has long lasting effects. &#x200B;So, no...your fuck em attitude doesnt sit well.
Who says you'll never get a check?  That sounds like a lie you tell yourself in order to rationalize being a selfish asshole.
Also, I think Trump supporters feel they are losing. So there are becoming more brazen and out there, just like Trump. In Tampa yesterday, they were horrific to some Biden sign wavers. They are pure trash.
I'm going to assume you meant 'radical' as in 'awesome'.  Because to think that someone with the username u/Legalize420inFL wouldn't have a positive opinion of RBG is just not something I can get my head wrapped around.
How about make it where you will get a pay out? How about looking to the government to do it's job rather than turning on each other and other generations, pointing the finger, and saying it's not fair to us. It's not fair to ANY of us if it gets dismantled. I am only just out of my 20s and have paid into it. So I hold the government responsible and they SHOULD PAY what we are putting in. Period. &#x200B;I'm not coming for you, whoever you are, I am just saying that we have to work together and think outside our bubble and hold our government accountable. Lofty, I know.
In a sweet taste of irony, according to Nate Silver, after all this nonsense Republicans may very well end up suppressing their own vote this year.https://twitter.com/natesilver538/status/1322237462576582657/In all seriousness though, what you're mentioning sounds like voter intimidation which is illegal. Just advocate to get out the vote and fight voter suppression instead.
Disenfranchisement of anyone is a blow to democracy. Your frustration is warranted but voter suppression is not.
Subversion of democracy should never be encouraged. Both sides are guilty of it, but an eye for an eye will make the world blind as they say.
It's interesting, when comparing the educational level of counties to voting habits you see a very similar pattern.  It's not 100% in line, but very close -- I'd say by 90% or more.  Counties where the population is more educated tend to lean more Left/Liberal while those with less education tend to lean more Right/Conservative.  Exception gets into counties that are predominantly minority these do tend to have lower education yet lean Left.  Not trying to get political here, anyone can pull up the maps and see this.  So yeah when comparing wages to voting habits this is greatly in line with education.
"Trump Willfully Screws His Own Supporters" is how Im reading this
Well, they elected a man who kept declaring bankruptcy rather than paying his contruction workers, so what do they expect?
More like "Trump Supporters Screw Over Themselves By Voting Against Own Interests."
I wouldn't say the flag is racist, however plenty of people that use the flag are racist. I find peoples use of the flag very ironic considering they don't wish to be tread upon yet have no problem treading on others.
it's like pepe, it wasn't ever racist, but got taken by the far right and racists.
The flag is not racist. It's just that racist people use it as a rally symbol to justify their shitty behavior. It's a concept that's been coopted to give idiots a pass because "mUh FrEe sPeEcH".   If you'd like it not to be perceived that way I recommend taking it up with the racists who use it as a suit of armor with which to hide their bad personality.
Yep, this is it.  The Gadsden Flag served as a "warning" to the British Crown that stomping on the Colonies might not be a great idea.But now it's a favorite of people who tend to be white nationalists.Shame...  It's kind of a cool flag and part of our history.  But now it's just a flashing neon sign:  "Racist Detected."
Exactly, just like the Confederate and nazi flags. Only douchebags fly them. Oh and maga hats
Well, it will, but we may not like the outcome.
Does anyone question why Kennedy retired from the court?
It was clear all along that Kennedy made a deal that he'd retire if Trump chose Kavanaugh who would help make sure none of his loan or tax info ever got released. Kavanaugh should be impeached and removed. Kennedy should be in prison.
I thought that's why he quit the court...
We did at the time but 50 million other illegal things have happened since then
Yes...I question it. I have nothing to base anything on, but it wouldn't surprise me if Trump blackmailed Justice Kennedy into retiring. It's how Trump operates.
They are definitely a couple of sociopaths. The way they did it is pretty ruthless.
About a month ago, the woman that owns the 711 near my house asked a bearded gentleman if he had a mask he could put on. This woman has her 90 year old mother living with her, an autistic grandson and has diabetes herself. She is so nice and just a lovely person to speak with. Since the beginning of the pandemic, I've tried to do some of my shopping at her store because she almost went out of business. So this gentleman ignores her and continued to walk into the store. So she approached him and asked where his mask was again. This guy flew into a rage. Turned over a display with chips on it, broke the display with his foot, and then smashed a metal hand sanitizer stand, spilling sanitizer everywhere. The threw it across the floor and ran out. Squealed tires our of the parking lot.So.....WTF is wrong with these people. It's a maskWe're not asking you to kill a kitten or chop off your arm. Do these people react this way when they have to stand in line for something? No one wants to stand in line, but that's how an organized society functions.
What the fuck is wrong with people.
some people already feel so out of control of their own lives that they view the mask mandate as a single tangible object further taking control of the one thing they view that they still have control over, their own bodies, and proceed to aggress against
There's a photo of one of the attackers.
I feel like this actually sums up those people really well. It's kind of sad that people do feel that way.
Your hypothetical outrage has been noted and discarded.
I think you are confused as to what "Karen" means, any person who dare use "Karen" to refer to a sociopath is either very lost in what it actually represents or is baiting.
Isn't resigning the position while Trump is already cleaning house making the Pentagon even more vulnerable?
It's unbelievable to me the things this president is willing to do to hurt America.>One of the few members of the Defense Business Board to survive a recent purge has resigned from the Pentagon advisory group in protest, CNN first reported.>In his resignation letter, Steve Blank wrote that by purging advisory boards and filling them with allies of President Donald Trump, the Trump administration had "put the nation's safety and security at risk.">The purge of the Defense Business Board last week followed the removal of most of the Defense Policy Board late last month.>The Trump administration has also purged much of the Pentagon's civilian leadership, clearing the way for loyalists to fill top posts.
So Trumpsters, tell me how this is good for America?
Dont worry, soon Biden will fire all loyalists when he become president after Jan 20.
So now he has to be replaced and trump gets to replace him. Does this guy not understand that ?
The guy waited two months before the presidency ends?!?! Coward
Seriously. I understand the sentiment, but wouldn't it make more sense to just stay in place and fuck up as much shit as possible for Trump while you can?
governme t positions tend to be hard to remove onces filled,trump definitely trying to "deep state" himself
President Trump has made it clear how he thinks.
Honest question...how was he able to replace them then? He did fire them right?
Yeah, what stops biden from doing the exact same thing? And why is trump clearing house and installing a bunch of unprepared loyalists with another month and change before biden takes over? Is it just out of spite? Does he think the more loyalists the easier for another attempt at a coup?
i assume because the senate is failing to do its checks and balances. that wont happened under biden.
Thats it. He will hopefully fail, but he is going for the coup.
I donated last week, and have some time to volunteer this and next week. Let's do this!
>In December 2016, Gates wrote to Ivanka Trump that he was "a bit worried about the optics of PIC [Presidential Inaugural Committee] paying Trump Hotel a high fee and the media making a big story out of it,Damn. Remember when *that* was the most corrupt thing coming out of the White House. Simpler times.
Finally!!I have the popcorn ready!>Ivanka Trump, the President's daughter and adviser, sat for a deposition Tuesday with investigators from the Washington, DC, attorney general's office as part of its lawsuit alleging the misuse of inaugural funds, according to a court filing.
This was a long time coming.
Under oath?/republicans don't go under oath, it's like mafia.//Just realized the entire problem, the Republican Mafia is not a political party anymore.
No wonder Trump Jr, Eric, Ivanka and Lara are panicked tweeting the conspiracies.
Wow.The corruption that the WH has approved is abhorrent.
What's great is that she was *forced* to do it. She didn't just say "executive privilege" or some bullshit and fly to Moscow.
How much you wanna bet people are calling this the QAnon kraken BS. **Finally, they've got Hillary and Obama lined up on that campaign finance stuff Ivanka's got dirt on.***Definitely* not anything to do with Trump. Squeaky clean, that guy.
Yes.I hope it goes public so we can see it.
Yes.Someone is going to testify.Under oath. No more ignoring a summons or Congressional Hearing.
DC to Moscow is a long time to spend on a broomstick.
Well, they did that whenever Democrat sent subpoena and they ignored it, but not for long once they become citizen then they'd might be on run.
Did America "defund" education, or did they "reform" education?
I actually agree with Obama on this one. 'Defund the Police' is not a good slogan. It's done a lot of damage. I'm from Minnesota myself and right after George Floyd I saw something I've never seen before. Right wingers sympathizing with the BLM movement which lasted right until Defund the Police showed up. We need to remember that we live in a democracy, meaning that we have to compromise on somethings somewhere. All of y'all running around saying that it's either your way or the highway are behaving in an authoritarian manner.  I'd gladly compromise on the superficial in the slogan than to go nowhere sticking to the exact aesthetic of my beliefs.
If there is one thing you count on, its for Obama to always negotiate against himself. Just glad to be on the other side for once.
Its all about sending a certain message that will appeal to a lot of different people.  Its called marketing 101.  If you don't sent the right comprehensive message that doesn't scare people, then it will fall on a lot of ears.  Otherwise, it will fall on deaf ears.
I get what you're saying, but there wasn't a "Defund Education" slogan - because no one would have supported something packaged and marketed that way.For the record, I'm all in favor of re-funding education and defunding police. But "Defund the Police" is an awful slogan - because, as cleverer folks than I have pointed out, a slogan you have to explain to people is a bad slogan.
ask for defunding, lose elections because people hate the idea, idea of police reform ends. Shit strategy, zero results.
"Black Lives Matter" is a good slogan and is pretty popular.
Half the country thought BLM meant white lives don't matter. There could never be a good slogan.
What bugs me most though is that all of the main points of 'Defund the Police' revolve around community investment and development. Like 90% is about investing in our communities. If our slogan says something a long that line, not only would we have achieved a lot of our goals but also begin to unite people.We've placed too much emphasis on the aesthetic of our beliefs and not enough on the application.
The middle ground between a good thing and a bad thing is not the kind of middle ground we should aim for
Yeah, Obama found the middle ground on a healthcare plan that gave insurance companies more money, and failed to cement an actual healthcare system that couldn't be easily dismantled by the cheeto in chief. Every bill of any actual usefulness to the country he compromised on BEFORE he offered to the republicans.
Defunding implies removing all funding for police.
The left certainly has an extreme end, but in general the left is aligned with what I believe to be the right side of history. Believe me, the last thing I want to do is compromise with the assholes who enabled trump, fuck republicans... tha said there are a lot of people who will vote and do vote for them because the extreme left scares them. We need those people. You see what happens when they are pushed to vote Republican... progress takes time. Sometimes you start with somthing watered down and you work your way up... like trying to gain the trust of a wild animal.
Yes. Language matters. Protesting for defunding police leaves people thinking they might not have police with that plan.
Here's an example in the present: Democrats campaigned on defund, and they lost a whole lot of seats. Now police reform is dying as an idea.
Libertarian here.  There was a time when I would have said that clarifying something like this was a waste of time.   But recently I have learned that too many of our laws are actually just gentlemanly agreements and need to be codified.  I never would have said we needed to clarify self-pardons, or the rules for when an election campaign fund can start, or a million other norms that it turns out are not legally required to be followed.At this point, anything with room for interpretation has proven to be a weak point.  We need to close all of these loopholes NOW before the next (more competent) guy tries to exploit them again. We won't be so lucky next time.
This needs to happen so that there is no ambiguity. Slavery is __not__ permitted.
Queue the Republicans coming up with some crazy ass conspiracy theory on why this shouldn't happen.
He really needs to also publicly shame Mitch McConnel and the rest of the gop senate who are responsible for a lot of this stagnation.  Shine the light on them.
I honestly believe that he just has a stack of executive orders ready to go... like one to reverse *every* Trump order and re-implement an Obama era thing.
That can only happen if the Senate (currently controlled by the Republicans) and the House of Representatives (currently controlled by the Democrats) __agree.__With Senator McConnell?He hates everyone and everything. At least? That's how it appears. Good luck with that, America!
Georgia senate race looks really promising as someone who lives here. There's tons of warnock support in red counties like Cherokee and Laurens. I think him being a priest really helps his chances and the fact he's running against Kelly Loeffler, the richest member of the senate
I agree, if the GOP retains control of the Senate, it's unlikely Biden will be able to get much passed. But maybe there might be some way to find the compromise position, even with McConnell. This is supposedly Biden's strength. I'd much rather that the Georgia seats flip and the GOP loses control, but I am not counting on it.
Recent polling has only taught me to be pessimistic.
This has to be challenged by prosecuting these individuals. If people can commit crimes on behalf of a President expecting a pardon the rule of law is dead and the Constitution is meaningless.
How Giuliani still has his license is beyond me. The Bar could have revoked his license for 10 different things.
>The former New York mayor is the focus of a federal criminal investigation into whether he violated foreign lobbying laws through his dealings in Ukraine and his involvement in the abrupt firing of Marie Yovanovitch as the US's ambassador to Ukraine.Is that all? I thought it would be much more.Maybe it'll filter out for years.Charges being discussed, negotiated, filed...President Trump should remember Attorney Cohen.
How does a preemptive pardon even work? Surely a president, governer, or whatever can't absolve people of crimes they haven't even been tried for yet.
 I'm sure drumpf is going to issue a LOT of pardons "We didn't commit any crimes, we're bigly innocent, but those darn dems.....well I'm just gonna pardon us all for everything even though they weren't crimes."
Truly needs to be looked at.
We all know plans are different than reality, but here is what his website says, in a nutshell, on the issue:Repeal gun manufacturer civil lawsuit protections, assault rifle ban, high capacity mag ban, increased gun ownership requirements including background/mental health check and gun registration processes, assault rifle and high capacity mag federal buyback program, restrictions on new gun ownership to one purchase per month max, closing various legal loopholes, online firearm sale ban, incentivize state gun licensing and "extreme risk" gun removal laws.[https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/#](https://joebiden.com/gunsafety/#)
Not much of a thing with McConnell around
Hopefully close the gun show loophole, reinstate Obama era ban on people collecting ssdi benefits from buying guns, hopefully nothing else. Seems crazy to want crazy people to have guns. Republikkklan priorities are silly, more important for crazy people to buy guns than to get crazy people off the government tit. Lmao
Take the guns if you own a 7 foot tall truck?
"Voluntary" buybacks, or NFA registration, or become a felon. The issue I have with it is option A you won't be paid nearly the proper value for your gun. That amounts to the government stealing from you if it's not voluntary and I think voluntary is a misnomer here.The issue I have with option B is it applies a potentially huge tax on things, that in my case, I've owned 10 years. AR15s and 30 rd magazines will be defined as NFA items requiring registration at $200 a pop. For 2 ARs and 10 mags that's $2400. Option C is you are now a criminal guilty of a very serious crime. To me option B makes option A not look so voluntary. To me it is at best a tax grab and at worst a clear statememt that "we don't trust the poor with guns." This is the antithesis of the values of the democratic party, and won't be effective.I want singlepayer healthcare (m4a is too weak imo), I want equal opportunity for all people, I want women to be able to choose, and I want this country to stop the systemic discrimination against the poor and widening of inequality. As I see it those are supposed to be the values of the democratic party. That last value seems contrary to Bidens platform. The dems really need to fix their gun control platform...they'd win every damn time. All of what I've said is directly from the official Biden platform not fear mongering rightwing sites. Feel free to correct any of it. I don't think it has a snowballs chance in hell so I'll sleep sound enough with Biden in charge.
What gun show loophole?!Buying a gun from a dealer at a gun show still forces you to get a background check.Buying from a private seller at a gun show doesn't have a back ground check no matter WHERE you sell? So its not a gun show loophole. Its a private seller HOLE that needs to be fixed. And not by banning private sells.He needs to fix the ATF loophole that allows them to arbitrarily define gun accessories with zero legislation.
It's fairly typical Republican nonsense. If they couldn't run against abortion and reasonable gun laws they wouldn't exist.
Buddy.... your AR-15 won't protect you from the government anymore. What are you going to do when your power and all utilities are turned off, bank accounts frozen, drones circling your home, tanks or mraps outside your house, snipers on rooftops quarter or half a mile away, 25 SWAT fully armed and wearing full armor surrounding your house?What if they wait for night, and use night vision? What if they throw smoke grenades and use thermal? I think the excuse of owning an AR-15 or any semi automatic or fully automatic to protect from the government is such an outdated excuse.
I am completely undecided on this, but what, to you, constitutes an 'assault rifle', if **not** the AR -15?
Just because you believe something does not make it the truth.
They could require background checks. Got my Glock at a gun shop. Works just fine.
Not op but from a leftist perspective taking away guns would help prevent the 15,000 fatal shootings deaths per year. Very rarely are mass shootings prevented by a person with a concealed carry permit. Also other western nations with stricter gun regulations have much lower gun deaths. I also personally believe the 2nd amendment is misinterpreted and obsolete in the modern era. It should be removed or they should reinstate the well organized militias and if you want to own a firearm especially a rifle you should have to enlist in the militia and attend training sessions.
According to the feds an *assault rifle* is a selective-fire rifle capable of automatic fire. So not anything you can get readily since the 80s. The "AR" part of AR-15 stands for Armalite Rifle, they were the first company to hold the patent for the design.
An AR-15 is not an assualt rifle, without the proper licensing it remains a semi automatic not automatic.
It varies by state, and I swear this shit changes monthly, but almost any firearm can be considered an assault weapon. It's more that a gun has x-number of features/modifications than anything.If you're in the right state you could have a Ruger 10/22 which isn't good for much more than shooting squirrels, slap a pistol grip and a threaded barrel and have it classified as an assault weapon. Hell, in some states just having a specific name can classify a firearm as an assault weapon.
Bruh I fucking love that you clarified what the AR meant thank you!
I'm not a gun guy, I don't know a ton about them, I'm hoping that my elected representatives either know more or have staff that can research the topic, but of course not all reps do the work we expect them to do (plus lobbyists).  So, serious question:  What criteria should the ATF/States be using to limit the kinds of guns that can or cannot be held by civilians?  Other than the old "selective-fire rifle capable of automatic fire" restriction (which everyone seems to agree on), magazine size seems like the most straightforward to me.  I've been told that part of the problem with the AR-15 is the large amount of kinetic energy the bullets hold relative to their size.  Is this a real thing?  If so is there a kinetic energy limit we could use that would make more sense than the current regulations?Trying to learn/have a real discussion.
To be overly simplistic, liberals think current issues are symptomatic and leftists think current issues are systemic. Liberals believe the ideas in place are largely functional but need "tweaks" while leftists want to go tabula rasa on it all.
ATF says its a pistol of all things but if I throw the 22 receiver in it I'm a felon since its a rifle. Can't put a muzzle brake on it with the 223 rounds. In today's America its a little difficult to know exactly what you own.
There's literally a definition ensconced in law which it doesn't meet
Thank you, growing up in a southern family has clearly dampened my knowledge on the left.
I used to consider Trumpers a joke to be laughed at but I don't find much to be amused at any more. Trump got 70 million damn votes. I expected him to lose by 30 million votes. I don't know what has happened to our country.
I found a very good comment under a video on yt where mccain was campaigning against Obama and you got these lunatics walking nonsense about Obama being an Arab and a threat. Mccain defended him, which was just classy but paraphrasing the comment : America did not change, nothing has happened to the country. It was always full of those racists. With trump they just became mainstream again.
I saw that video. I also saw the one where McCain conceeded. He said some very classy things, especially considering how hord-fought the campaign was. Seems so long ago.
They're all saying: "trump keeps making false claims".  They're all thinking: "trump has become deranged, unable to cope with reality"&#x200B;aside: Newsweek really has become a shit web site.  How many ads do they think that they can they cram into a single page?
I dont get why noone puts an injunction on him.If i nonstop tell bullshit and insinuate fraud, i would face legal consequences in no time... he could prove his words or stfu.
Because they've made the argument that a sitting republican president can't be held legally responsible for anything
Trump has never served the people. That's the whole problem with his presidency. He's a selfish, narcissistic shit stain on society.
trump has never served anyone but himself in his entire life.
Fix the title.... OUTGOING republican congressman.All of these bastards talk shit about Trump... right before/after they're about to write that book.But speak to any of them while actually in office... crickets.
And many other horrible things.He is the worst president known in US history.
So true.Which is why he thinks his behavior is normal.
Definitely serving the planned agenda of President Trump, obviously.  President Trump has changed American jurisprudence for decades to come.When President Obama was in office, the Republicans would not approve appointments he wanted to make.>Republicans won control of the Senate in 2014. From that point on, the numbers show how hard it was for Obama to seat the people he put forward.>Scholars have referred to Majority Leader Mitch McConnell's actions during this time as a blockade of judicial appointments," said Michigan State political scientist Ian Ostrander. "Very few judicial nominations were successful during the 114th Congress," We will have to see.But I'm afraid.>During the two years before Republicans took the Senate, Obama had a confirmation success rate of nearly 90%. Afterward, the confirmation rate fell to 28%.Information regarding judicial appointments during the Obama presidency [here](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2020/oct/02/donald-trump/fact-check-why-barack-obama-failed-fill-over-100-j).Edits - spelling, syntax.
Actually you're right. I've understated Trump in my previous post. He's not only never served the people, much of the time he's actually undermined the people, and the environment, and national security, and international relations...
Yes. Yes. Yes.All of these things and more.I'm past flabbergasted and shocked.I'm at the angry and frustrated stage.
If you are going to make such statements, please back it up with more than one reference.President Trump is on track to damage this planet and its inhabitants because of his agenda, policies, rhetoric, and behavior. The total death toll will be high. It is really high now.President Trump is a lame duck president. (A president is a lame duck when a successor has been elected. During this time, the outgoing president and president-elect start the transition of power).President Trump is not even pretending to care about issues that are clearly harmful to the USA and the planet. Never has.Current listing of lies told by President Trump [here](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/list).7 Ways the Trump Administration Is Harming the Climate [here](https://www.wri.org/blog/2020/04/7-ways-trump-administration-harming-climate).50 reasons the Trump administration is bad for workers [here](https://www.epi.org/publication/50-reasons).US 2020 election: The economy under Trump in six charts [here](https://www.bbc.com/news/world-45827430).Environmental Protections on the Chopping Block [here](https://environmentalintegrity.org/trump-watch-epa/regulatory-rollbacks).Climate Deregulation Tracker [here](https://climate.law.columbia.edu/climate-deregulation-tracker).Trump should be held responsible [here](https://www.post-gazette.com/opinion/2020/11/16/Trump-should-be-held-responsible/stories/202011160013).
I mean.. this is the point of a recount, right? To make sure the final count is accurate, regardless of the outcome.
And it only cost Trump $23,000 a vote.
We've got some time before Dec 14.  Should we recount Florida?
And it only cost drumpf three million dollars to get his ass kicked in worse than before.
But are they willing to accept the recount? It's never been about accuracy of votes just it didn't go their way.
The Art of the Deal at work
Yea Art screwed up big time! He should fire Art.
You have taken the first step to open dialogue. I would say yes, let's chat.
Yea, I'm gonna need you to go ahead and come in on Saturday.Also, about those TPS reports.
Big tent. Big tent. Big tent.
I would say yes. It's always refreshing to hear different viewpoints when they are expressed in good faith.
Center right against Trump...so from the perspective of 95% of the Republican party you're a communist fanatic who hates America.  Sure, welcome to the club.
We need that type of dialogue in this country
Do unto others....Welcome!Looking forward to some healthy discussions.
This world, and sub, are big enough for all of us as long as we all agree to express ourselves respectfully and listen to each other with that same level of respect.
Once we get passed the crimes and corruption, and things like agreeing that we should have a country ruled by laws, you're likely to find people don't agree with you much on substance here.I personally would like our country to have \_much\_ higher taxes on inheritance and extreme wealth, and would use that to fund expanded government programs like universal healthcare, free housing and food for everyone.  I believe workers should be encouraged to unionize, and I believe the minimum wage should be enough for a single 40/week job to provide a good middle class quality of living.  You will get reasoned discussion about all those things if you want to take the opposite side though.
With the exception of the bottom two comments this is why I love liberals.And since the other side has turned into a cult, we really do need to accept anyone who doesn't want to be part of it.
United states has one right wing with two parties. What passes for liberal in the u.s. would be flat out right-wing anywhere else. the US is significantly to the right of all other western and industrialized countries. You are welcome but I doubt that you are actually a liberal.
We're not Parler (however the heck it's spelled). C'mon in and chat.
One of us   One of us
They claim liberals to be the snowflakes, but then they act like one.
I got a lifetime ban from r/communism , so it's not just conservative subreddits that do this.  Back to the topic ar hand, I think Trump has been an embarrassment and has brought shame to the Office of the President of the United States, which is supposed to have some dignity...
Can I ask why are you against Trump? I hate him. He is a racist ("they are drug dealers...") and sexist ("grab them by the pussy", "the best sex is sex with damaged women"). Trump is to blame for all the manospherean propaganda infecting the minds of young boys.
See, I feel like this is what keeps both sides staying in their corners. While I can't pick very many politicians in DC in the GOP that I like... to say normal citizens or even state level politics that side with right of center political views are just wrong or have no principles is why many on the right didn't vote for Biden. Again, the DC GOP is a cesspool as far as I'm concerned but voters are not all wrapped in the same cloth.People in different parts of the country have very different views and they shouldn't just be discredited as "wrong". I do think that people right of center are more inclined to be single issue voters unfortunately though. Guns, abortion, immigration, religion. But they feel very strongly about certain things.
I like to ruin parties by saying I'm conservative.  As in, protect the environment, get wealth inequality down by taxing the rich, properly funding schools, and keeping religion out of government, and vis versa.  I'd be a 1950's Republican, so that makes me a 2020 democrat.  Also I'm pretty far left on race and gender equality, etc.
An accusation from a republican is usually confession.
I was banned for simply asking why people support him. Like real policy reasons.
Biden is a moderate he isn't anywhere near the right.
I just enjoy pointing out the hypocrisy of the radical right wing still trying to claim to be conservative.
If you can't be bothered, then I can't be bothered trying to convince a gun nut.
What the right calls "censorship" is fact-checking. The 1st amendment doesn't give people carte blanche to say anything they want without repercussions, in simple says that government cannot suppress your speech. Just like the 2nd amendment doesn't allow people to own any weapon they want. Liberal does not mean letting people do whatever the hell they want to.Parler is a bastion of conspiracy theorists, anti-semites, and white-supremecists. I've seen enough screenshots from it to know I don't want to be anywhere near that cesspit.
The best feeling I've gotten this year is being vindicated in my assessment about Georgia flipping. For a decade now, the Washington Dems have ignored Georgia and other Red states. The locals have been pleading for help. They had the facts and figures to show how they could overturn the powerful GOP firewall.  I'm not even from there but I've watched the fight down there closely.
Here are some more opportunities to help us flip the Senate by winning the Georgia runoffs.### DonateDonate to Ossoff, Warnock, and Fair Fight:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/georgiasenateDonate to the Movement Voter Project Georgia Fund:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ga-fundDonate to \#WinBothSeats:https://www.winbothseats.org### VolunteerVolunteer to phone or text bank with Fair Fight:https://www.mobilize.us/fairfight/Volunteer with the New Georgia Project, online or in person:https://newgeorgiaproject.org/volunteer/become-a-volunteer/Volunteer for Jon Ossoff:https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/https://go.electjon.com/page/s/virtual-training-signupVolunteer for Raphael Warnock:https://www.mobilize.us/warnockforgeorgia/https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-actionSign up for letter writing with Vote Forward:https://votefwd.orgSign up for letter writing or phone banking with Working America:https://workingamerica.org/M2MletterwritingSend postcards with the Georgia Postcard Project (officially endorsed by both candidates):https://www.gapostcard.org
Hopefully the fundraising and volunteer efforts to improve turnout for these runoffs will help with the 2022 and 2024 elections as well.
I wouldn't have a problem with something like this, if free mental health care was available for everyone in this country.  But to offer it to immigrants while denying it to citizens seems pretty stupid.
Even if OUR government caused their mental anguish? I get that they made the decision to come to our country but not ALL did so illegally. Many of these families that were separated were seeking refugee status and that is not illegal. Then our lovely president decided to enact his zero tolerance policy and rip these families apart. I think in this case, our government should most definitely pay for their mental health.
This is the dumb excuse people give..."we shouldn't help anyone because "our" people aren't being helped" while at the same time not helping "our" people.The whole American "individualism" has been a lie for people to feel bad about helping others.Do you also complain about corporate welfare?
>We need to help our people. When's the last time you voted for anyone who wanted to "help our people"?
But you and america aren't doing that so either put you money where you mouth is or shut up and do what right.
I can't wait until this is all over. This shitty coup needs to stop.
Does this mean we get to celebrate Biden winning again?
Team Trump still thinks they might have a few dirty tricks left up their sleeve.... God help us
GSA just said it was time as well, so that will help!
"To be clear, I did not receive any direction to delay my determination."They just can't stop lying. Why even bring it up?
I mean, it was an attempted coup. They were trying to illegally throw out the results of the election.
She already lied to Congress in her last visit.
 The *election* is over. I suppose the Drumpf Shitshow will go on for years, whole his whole family goes down under multiple indictments.
Please create a nonviable 3rd party that splits votes between T and R.
Trump supporters threaten to destroy GOP. Is that even a threat? Yes, please do it.
No . . . wait . . .Anyways..
That's rather frightening.I'm not sure I want the GOP to be completely replaced by "QAnon Trump 4Ever" party.
As a Georgian, please do. Clearly the Republicans didn't try hard enough to suppress the vote and subvert democracy. Y'all need to teach them a lesson to be more corrupt.
"But if we don't ignore Trump's authoritarian instincts, we lose his base!"No, you are a hostage and you have Stockholm Syndrome.  Whether you help him or hurt him, you are a hostage.
Republicans never seem to know what's in their own best interest.
The GOP thought running with the man that literally has a Midas Touch of Shit would be a good idea. RIP GOP
Now that would be a Christmas miracle.
I would feel totally owned if they didn't vote in the runoffs
    Trumpet hurt itself in its confusion!
Do it! Do it! Teach em a lesson! Hell yeah!
I hope they boycott Bigly Yuge numbers; stay home and watch OAN!
Don't threaten me with a good time
BOYCOTT THE RUNOFF ELECTION JANUARY 5!  Show those libs whose boss in Georgia.
Did I read this right? GOP? Destroy? Man, they really are losing their minds out of shock now, huh?
Wouldn't that be great... But please, don't give me hope.
I had hoped this would happen in 17, but there has been a resilency in the GOP to stick with this piece of shit through thick and thin that I didn't know was possible.
Aha now we have proof that you TRIED to vote twice! Fraud, plain as day
This is a good thing, anything that will marginalize Republicans out of power is good. Then if the QAnon Trumpers decide to start making threats arrest them for terrorism.
Can't threaten to destroy something you destroyed 5 years ago.
Funny you mentioned gymnastics because we see the same dissonance resounding in rabid sports fans
>I'm not sure I want the GOP to be completely replaced by "QAnon Trump 4Ever" party.Seems like that already happened.I will never stop laughing at how right wing media cranked up Tea Party conspiracy bullshit and lost control, in which Trump was part of pushing the birther stuff. Now Trump has totally hijacked their entire base, and the thought leaders in the GOP know it.
Did you watch any of the Impeachment hearings?
Yet Dems lost seats in the House, not sure about Senate, and the Presidential election was a shit show.As terrible as Republicans are, they're doing a great job of demonizing liberals and Democrats.
Yes.  Ultimately if the not- crazy conservatives and crazy conservatives can't agree,  the not-crazies will support crazy to get what they want.
They will definitely make threats. The FBI needs to scour and sift through the Parler app for all the Trumper nutcases.
Yeah, the slavish devotion to something that comes from wedding your identity to that something often causes a break with reality.
It's truly amazing.Like watching someone creating a car that operates on high grade rocket fuel, only to forget to add the brakes and steering wheel.
We actually won two Senate races, Hickenlooper in Colorado and Kelly in Arizona. However, because Doug Jones lost his seat in Alabama, which was expected, we net gained only one seat.
You think that's not exactly what parler was built for?
Right? Like what the actual fuck, America?
And millions still support this waste of flesh
Wow, pretty amazing. Two-term president Obama couldn't even win GA.
It seems like every day we need to certify that Bidens won. At what point does the orange baboon admit it?
Good to see elections working against those who try to stop them.
This was AFTER Senator Lindsey Graham tried to strongarm the GA Secretary of State into illegally discarding tens of thousands of mail-in ballots.Preeeeetty sure there's gonna be blood in the water here very very shortly.
This will go a long way towards energizing the disenfranchised voters of Georgia. They've been cheated out of their vote since the 1870s.Time for some payback. Just in time for two corrupt senators to be given their walking papers.
Least surprising news of the day
Still deeply surprising for some people. Hopefully they get some help from a counselor who can explain that losing an election in a democracy isn't a coup by the deep state...
Georgia Dems put on a massive multi-year voter registration & participation effort, and hundreds of thousands of Americans registered to vote. [More than 240k](https://sos.ga.gov/index.php/Elections/voter_registration_statistics) new registered voters in Fulton county alone [since 2012](https://results.enr.clarityelections.com/GA/Fulton/42338/112364/en/reports.html), and like 130k more in Dekalb. This is part of what led to Biden receiving 53% more votes in Fulton County than Obama and 30% more in Dekalb County.
He'll be saying that he's the only legitimate President for years when he starts Trump TV in exile from his golf resort in the Crimea...
It was many things.Honestly though, the one who did the most damage to trump's campaign was trump himself. He spent four years strutting and bragging about getting the job and he forgot to actually DO the job.
Also he kept 25k Republicans that voted in the primary home because he told them not mail in vote and they didn't vote in person.
He was handed the keys to the kingdom - a booming economy, record low unemployment, great foreign relations, everything. He didn't have to rescue the country or reinvent the wheel.All he had to do was COAST.But he spent four years bragging, strutting around like a king, openly breaking the law, firing anyone who called him on it, making up childish nicknames for his political enemies, and doing his best to keep the country as divided as possible. Then when it came time for him to fight for his job, he realized that he hadn't actually accomplished anything with the wealth of powers he'd been given, and hadn't given the country any REASON to want another four years of his fat orange ass.
It's been a brutal year.Drumpf isn't going to concede, but he would have had to win Georgia, Arizona, Michigan AND Pennsylvania all together to hit 270. If he loses even one he's out of the running, and even though the other ones haven't certified yet ...... he lost them all.I'm taking a particularly savage glee in the fact that in 2016, he got 304 electoral college votes and called it "the biggest and most decisive landslide blowout in American history" even though he lost the popular vote.And Biden won 306 votes in the EC \*and\* won the popular vote by several million.
Oh, \*I\* know it wasn't the biggest win ever.He just spent four years bragging that it was. And now he got his ASS KICKED IN by a bigger win plus the popular vote.For someone whose entire life revolves around his popularity, that's got to be life-ending levels of humiliation.
It's a culture + education + diversity difference combined with a growing concern by rural communities about being ignored. People in cities interact with more cultures. The jobs in cities often require more education. Communities in cities are much more diverse. In a city elections, the question is which candidate address the concerns of all of these demographic cohorts. The culture is constantly evolving. The problems are constantly changing very quickly with evolving populations and logistical challenges. In rural communities almost none of this happens. The community problems don't evolve the same way. It's always *"how can we preserve our way of life"*. Rural communities are facing population decline, brain drain, and steady job loss. Republicans made a pivot toward shoring up voters who want to keep things as they are, and fight inevitable change. They cling to religion, despite a steady generational decline in religious affiliation. They fight minority communities, despite the coming demographic shift making America a majority non-white by 2040. They fight against green technology, despite it quite obviously being the future of energy and jobs globally. Even stupid things like diet. They fight vegetarianism, despite the growing trend for people to eat plant based diets. It's a Republican strategy and ideology that insists on fighting change and trying to preserve of things a moment in time where their voters are wealthy, influential, moral leaders who are respected nationally and globally. It's been a steady decline since Reagan.
People in cities tend to be more cosmopolitan and multiethnic, exposed to more ideas, information and opinions, better educated, less traditional, and more free to be non-conformist.People in rural areas tend to be more religious, more traditional, more mono-cultural and less educated.
Well....wow. Such a simple question with a plethora of different answers that can all be correct.Firstly, no one has mentioned identity politics or party branding. Blue collar/white collar, book smart/common sense, working with your hands/working behind a desk, college degrees/great paying trade work.Take Law Enforcement as one example. In rural areas people own firearms not only for hunting (another traditional identity politics issue) but also for self-defense of family and property. Now, in rural areas the Police response can be quite a while. To that end, rural people look at it as LE and the community working hand in hand to keep the community safe. Reporting crimes, stopping violent crime, etc. The Officers are people in your community that these people will see in church. As such, the dynamic is totally different (a theme across the entire issue you're asking about). When an Officer stops you in a rural area, it will 99% of the time be a traffic stop, so be kind and respectful to the Officer.It is incomprehensible to rural people that someone would have a gun on them by Police, be given a direct order, and just ignore it and reach inside their vehicle.Rural America is more traditional. It's slower. And they LIKE IT THAT WAY. People across the U.S. move out of the country to the city because they want to. And it works the other way around as well. People in the city don't mind taxes because look at all they're provided. People in rural areas see state taxes taken out or local taxes and they wonder what the hell they're getting for their money. The roads are ok, the schools are usually mediocre at best and 33% of Americans STILL don't have access to high speed internet and those are basically all rural Americans. It's a self reliant streak. Rural America feels they've been sold down the river for the new economic order, they've become a punchline, with seemingly little lasting help from Washington DC. So the mentality has become, "Fuck you then. Leave me alone and I'll do it on my own." The last time the government really gave broad, lasting help to rural America was probably the Rural Electrification Act. It put electricity in EVERY Americans home.What you're inquiring about is a tale as old as Thomas Jefferson and Alexander Hamilton. I know I was all over the place. I hardly new where to begin, and I wanted to touch on things not mentioned yet. I'd love to continue this conversation though. However, these are all simply my opinion. I'm pretty Liberal by American standards, but I'm a son of Virginia and grew up rural. And I understand a lot of these people's concerns. Still despise the Republican party though.
I haven't seen anyone give the most obvious answer. Densely populated areas have more shared services by necessity (hence stronger government). You are in the same boat as your neighbor. You both use the same subway and bike paths and visit the same park. Same goes for social problems: Homeless people are your problem when they pee on your doorstep. Rural areas simply require less governance. Burning a pile of leaves doesn't fill your neighborhood with smoke because the nearest neighbor is 2 miles away. There is no subway, very few shared services. Is it any wonder they want the government out of their lives?
I live in a rural area.It's definitely a combination of a few things, one of the biggest being education.People around here are people of modest means. They have never been deeply encouraged to seek out college degrees or any furthering of education in general. They aren't even very honest about their opinions on things around people they might suspect are liberal, as was proven a few days ago when I overheard some people I didn't realize were Conservatives talking about the "China Virus" as they put it.People in rural areas just... don't have anything. They know what they want, but it's basically sold to them in this "you can trust only us" package where Republicans are venerated as saviors even if it's not remotely true. These people have been told all their lives that things will get better if they just vote Republican. I know, because I've known some pretty hardcore Republicans around here.Because there's no need for higher education in an area with mostly farmland, because corporations keep people in rural areas under their thumb, and because Democrats and Leftist thinking in general become suppressed, there's a really potent Republican and Conservative influence across rural counties. And the story is mostly the same all across America.
This is a bad place to ask such a question. You'll receive a lot of "Well because cities have smarter, richer, more diverse, and more beautiful people. Rural communities bad, ugly, and stupid." Reading through the comments, already 90% of the replies fall in this bucket.
Most of the downtrodden folk live in the cities. There are definitely rich people who live in cities, but there are far more poor people. Also, the rural people have this stereotype of being almost backwards, sticking to their traditional ways, which fits with republican ideals. The rich people don't have enough numbers to affect the cities votes when compared to the people who are under oppression.
My take:  People in rural areas are not forced to interact with very many people and the people with which they do interact are exactly like them; white, agricultural-based, small-town mindset,  fearful of 'the other', with high ability to force conformity due the small town 'everyone knows what everyone is up to'.  This leads them to an authoritarian structure where no 'fresh blood' is ever allowed in to shake up the status quo. Thus, the very crux of 'conservative'.People in urban areas have to deal with many, many other people not like them in many different ways.  They are exposed to different customs, foods, relationships, dress, accents, languages and many other things. These people learn to recognize that 'the others' are not that different from themselves.  They more likely recognize that almost everyone has values.  Thus, the very crux of 'liberal'.In a word: ignorance.
There are no leftists in politics in the USA. The democrats would be a center-right party anywhere else in the world.
Very well said. I've personally noticed that many people who live in rural areas and have only high school education from their tiny local high school have a HUGE chip on their shoulder about Education in general and College in particular. They think Public School teachers "have it easy" and "are paid too much."As for College, they really believe there'sa deliberate "Radical Left" brainwashing of young people, who are deeply "indoctrinated" by their "Leftist professors" It's bizarre. I've also noticed a very strong correlation betwen rural people *WHO DON'T TRAVEL* and negative attitudes towards Immigrants and other Cultures. Not that they consciously "hate immigrants,"  but that they're incredibly resistant to encountering and exploring other cultural traditions. Many refuse to even TRY different foods, because they only like what they are used to. Food has to be prepared their own family's way or they won't touch it.  Part of why they don't travel is because they don't want to eat foreign food! That is so weird to me.  My impression is that among rural people there are serious Psychological issues regarding "Control." They see change occurring and they don't want change, so they get more rigid in their opinions and more resistant to anything new or different.
This is an excellent summation. People including liberal politicians and pundits tend to focus on the differences in financial status, but that's not the crux of the issue at all.While job availability is a very real part of this, it's been blown up as a red herring that gets propagandized as evidence to support the broader message that liberal politics are killing the country, and that the preservation of older fiscal and social traditions that are good for the wealthy will also save the poor.I often come back to the tenuous idea that the country is just too big. The average European country, which generally follow USA's founding principals better than we do now, has a land area what would fit inside Alabama. If everyone were forced to live closer together, we could have all evolved together rather than creating this divide between lightning-fast urban progress and rural outliers who only see that development from a spectator's perspective, don't understand it, and come to fear it.
One adjustment to what you wrote, I would not call the bulk of their supporters wealthy, however the few wealthy supporters have funded at incredible levels everything from election ads to news networks (OAN, Newsmax) and social networks (Parler) to build the echo chambers further.
I'm of the growing opinion that Republicans want to maintain this divide because it leads to a more consistant voter base. How different would the fly over states be if there was infrastructure that allowed for remote tech jobs to flourish? How vastly would the communities change of people could move out to South Dakota and work for a multi billion dollar corporate in California and bring that money into the area? Suddenly the political identity of the area shifts and that disrupts the power status of the government in that state.
TL:DR  People in cities read and know stuff.  People in the countryside don't know stuff and are told not to read and know stuff.
AskAnAmerican currently has a moritirium on political posts, actually.
> Rural people have to think for themselves and handle things themselves. With the introspection they realize the Republican party is better.There are a higher percentage of people on welfare in red states than blue ones.  They also produce far less of the GDP.
I work with this guys who is super proud about never going on a plane. And only ever visited two other states. Especially that he has never owned a passport. It was so weird talking to him about it. Cause he's so proud about that but to me that such a negative thing.
Yeah I think a lot of people are just scared that the cultural reality is changing and try to explain it in a way that gives them some control over it. It really isn't man made though. I'm not sure we can impact it much. >I often come back to the tenuous idea that the country is just too bigI live in Switzerland right now and I've heard the US described as basically the European Union, with each state being a different country. The differences between Italy and Denmark are honestly pretty similar to the differences between North Carolina and Vermont.
Oh I definitely agree that they're not wealthy on average. Simply, that they are trying to preserve a time when they were. When their grandparents went on month long vacations in the summer and college meant making burgers for 4 months. I think the wealthy GOP members recognize that their power rests on convincing their far less wealthy base that this reality still exists.
They hardly qualify as leftist either, and they certainly don't drive the party.
I've ever offered to take them out to eat (my treat) so they can try delicious Thai food, but they're horrified at the idea! I'm tired of banging my head against the wall.
That's sad, I'm itching to travel again, but that has to wait until Covid is gone or at least under control.
The differences between the states aren't as important as the differences between the city and rural areas, and there would be far less rural land if the country were smaller. My point was that there's too much room to spread out here.While major American cities can be beacons of progress, too many people are not forced to live in or near them. We're so spread out here that people don't need to interact with different cultures or new ideas or participate in diversity of any kind. They can remain in their traditional bubbles comfortably.Example: Wales has the population of Utah in a land area that's 1/10th the size.
....and how did you get experience? O wait, getting an entry level job with no experience which then goes back to a degree to get that job
Like 75% or more of the jobs I wanted to apply for but couldn't because i haven't finished my degree.
I don't remember myself or any of my liberal friends announcing to everyone on facebook that they were leaving for some new ONLY liberal social media site after the orange baboon was elected....
Love it or leave it only goes in one direction.
Parler's owned by the same folks who owned Cambridge Analytica.That... can't be real good.
What do you do when it becomes a space for people to slowly warm themselves up to and then eventually plan acts of violence?
Mercer-funded but totally bias-free.  Makes sense if you're not a fan of thinking about things.
Have the FBI monitor them more easily than if they were communicating on private channels.
That's true. I know they're Trump's FBI right now, but they haven't been completely neglectful of the violence being committed by the right. The FBI under Biden could probably double their head count and make Parler investigations a full time position.
Exactly. You can bet the FBI is monitoring them closely.
Downloaded the Parler app today, perused it a couple of times. It is filled with rightwing fascist craziness and outright lies, just like Fox, just like ClearChannel. Not sure what we can do about that, though I've been a fan of mass boycotts for some time now. Advertise on Fox or ClearChannel, even once, and you're dead to me for all eternity. Everyone needs to take that position. Taking the profit out of hate is bound to be a good thing.
> Parler is a direct consequence of the failure of Twitter and Facebook to moderate their content fairly.Facebook is arguably more friendly to conservative voices, and Twitter is Donald Trump's #1 vehicle for getting his ideas out. The idea that social media is censoring conservatives is laughable.
You say you want people to be as free as possible and yet you support the conservatives who are against abortion, are openly trying to include religion in each and every part of our lives and want to keep student loans, while constantly bailing out corporations. If your total freedom means you don't want to wear masks, or don't want planned parenthood or don't want higher taxes for the rich, then you sir are being selfish.You should know that the poor cannot be "as free as possible" without financial freedom, workers and students cannot be so without paying off their student loans, or without being oppressed in a corporate structure that sees them as cash cows or expendable objects. Have you ever experienced the fear a POC feels having known the history of abuse they have faced and continue to face when a cop walks to their door. Why do you think everyone starts recording as soon as they see a cop?Why do you think a confederacy flag, a group that fought to keep slavery, is equal to a BLM flag, a group who's still fighting for the injustices against POC. Why do you think that when scientists say to care for the climate and wear masks to protect yourself and others from a pandemic, they are trying to take away your freedom? And why do you think that Trump is the person who's going to unite the country when he's the one who's profiting off this divide to stay relevant and pay off his bills?If according to you "as free as possible" means letting racism, xenophobia, ideals of supremacy, ignorance about history, culture and science, and cult like religious ideals flow to the next generation and into the future, while abolishing equality, justice, support and compassion, then how can we agree upon things? How can two people agree upon things when one group wants to move forward, and the other is hellbent on taking the country backwards?
Parler makes Fox News look like Huffington Post.
Wow. For freedom loving, small government people, rightists sure do love being under the thumb of authority.
>Scientists say no credible evidence of computer fraud in the 2020 election outcome, but policymakers must work with experts to improve confidenceThe goal is to sow chaos, not improve confidence
But the #whitehousekaren says he won.
I can never understand how some people are just this filled with hatred for other people.
Did anyone really expect anything resembling class from trump and co.?
Trump is a clear and present danger to this country.  We are in a crisis and he could not care less.  He is golfing and blocking a smooth transition to the Biden administration. People are losing their lives to a disease that Trump claimed was a hoax.  Trump will go down in history as the absolute worst president ever to have been elected. January 20, 2021 cannot come soon enough.
He is insane. More so now.
He has always been a disgrace.
The OpEd author isnt wrong. But the fact that he seems so upset that Trump is doing all this tells me that he is a bit disconnected from reality.Trump has been acting outrageous for 4 years. Why would Trump suddenly become a gentleman after election day?
You're the real MVP for posting this. Thank you.
>I can never understand how some people are just this filled with hatred for other people. It's fear. Fear that you worked or paid for something someone else gets for free. Fear that "They" are coming to take your stuff. Fear that everything you love is going to change and you won't know how to get along. Republicans LOVE that fear, because it makes their base easy to control.
4 years? All his life is more accurate.  I've known what he is since the 80s. His "Art of the Deal" was nothing more than don't pay back loans and don't pay contractors for services rendered.
I don't think anyone expected anything else from Trump. But the only people who can do anything about it are on Capitol Hill, and Senate Republicans staunchly refuse to hold Trump accountable no matter how bad he gets. It would be nice if Democrats were to grow a spine and call them out for it.
There was a widespread hope at first that Trump could somehow rise above his tawdry, selfish past and *"become Presidential."* But of course he didn't.
>Republicans LOVE that fear, because it makes their base easy to control. They've had control of the ENTIRE federal government for the first 2 of trump's years...and they are still FEARING.  It should be evident that either this fear is manufactured, or they are inept, or both.
>Exactly I don't get it you don't even know him and you are full of hate against him. "By their works shall ye know them"I don't have to know him personally to see what he's done to this country, or what he would try to do with a lifetime self appointment.
I just want to understand how Republicans can accept the things that Trump says and does as being a-okay but just a few years ago all lost their minds that Obama wore a tan suit.If you took Trump, changed his party affiliation to Democrat, and replayed the past four years, Republicans would absolutely be going nuts just as much as the Democrats are now. Even if you don't know Donald J Trump the individual human being, you can judge his character just based on the things he's said and done while President.I keep asking, why are the Democrats held to a different standard than Republicans? Nobody on the right has been able to answer that yet.
What makes you think the republican lickspittles could change his mind? When was the last time they did?Trump does Trump. He is basically an adolescent boy who is throwing a tantrum, and we can't do anything about it.He will run out of Adderall at some point. His supporters are not going to start murdering their neighbors. I was angry about Hillary for years. I still am. I am not planning to kill conservatives in retribution. They won't either.
Its multiple things. They're also grifting the shit out of us.
> What makes you think the republican lickspittles could change his mind? When was the last time they did?No one thinks they could. But they could remove him and order Pence to start the transition. They had a chance to fix this earlier in the year.> His supporters are not going to start murdering their neighbors.Um....https://www.vox.com/21506029/trump-violence-tweets-racist-hate-speech
There have been many fascinating presidential elections in the be USA.>Set aside that 1872 was the year suffragette Victoria Woodhull of the People's Party became the first woman to run for president. Also, forget that writer and abolitionist Frederick Douglass, her running mate, was the first African-American to be considered for the vice presidency. And never mind this was the year Susan B. Anthony would be arrested for illegal voting.2020-2021 is the first time a US president has refused to leave office.
The only reason this election is controversial is because Trump is acting like a little bitch
Well, yeah.He's been getting away with his behavior since forever.His base, administration, and his republican enablers don't care. His rich donors who want favors? They're just fine with his behavior.His family seems fine with it.I think he is actually confused. When he goes to his __spreader__ rallies everyone kisses his butt. So he thinks that's how the world feels about him - because he is oblivious to reality.The USA has spoken.Loud and clear.He's fired.Edit - syntax and added info about rallies, base.
Full credit to you for tackling this. That's a lot of work and effort.The problem you're facing is that misinformation often takes facts or statements made and either intentionally misses the context of combines them in nonsensical ways to create a new, erroneous, narrative. That's the crux of the adage "A lie can get around the world before the truth has got it's boots on". The second problem you're facing is your dad has not stopped watching the propaganda, and even knowing some isn't credible he'll likely continue to believe it in the face of all evidence.It also means you're doing a job of a fact checker, which is time consuming and difficult. If you're going to continue doing this I suggest you line up websites that specifically debunk claims made: politifact, snopes, etc. You'll have the benefit of their analysis and the go back to source material for context, assuming there is any. Search for each claim made and debunk it. It's an order of magnitude more work than the person who created the lie had to do in the first place, but that's why they created that lie.
First, as someone whose parents are surface-level similar to yours (well-educated, fairly decent people who I believe care about me and society in general, yet make their decisions based on "the Spirit led me"), I'm sorry for the pain his unwillingness to face reality has caused you.Second, after discovering that my folks were not reading much more than the headlines on even their own sources while I was reading/evaluating both my own sources and theirs in each debate we had, I've given up on debating them.Your first instinct ("Let's have a surface level, polite relationship") is what I have found works with my parents. Anything more is just giving them a soapbox on which to rant nonsense.
I'm going the other way here from others and say you are wasting your time.  Your father has found what he is  comfortable with and he genuinely believes in it.  I think you are making an assumption that your father suggested these "debates" because he thinks that maybe he's wrong.  Maybe you brought up some point that he has no answer for and he's ready to be educated.   It's exactly the opposite.  He honestly believes that this is just another lesson for you from him.   There is exactly the same amount of chance that you are going to change his mind, as he changes yours.I hope it's good for you both, that this debate brings you guys back together.   However if it doesn't, if it turns into nothing but frustration and bitterness you have a decision to make.  Is talking politics more important to you than a relationship with your Father?    There is a simple solution, that can fix a lot of this.  Get together with everyone that you do family events with and ban politics as a discussion.  No exceptions.   Right now is a great time for you to do this, because Trump no longer holds any government position.  Remember.  Yeah politics are important, but neither of you has any impact at all on policy and actions of the government.  Working yourself up, blaming your father, because he supports an idiot, isn't very productive.
There are some pretty good documentaries about Trump on Amazon prime & Netflix. There's a lot of material about this guy & he truly is, thankfully, one of a kind. After watching these docs, I came away with simply - he hurts everyone. And those who love him most, he hurts the worst. Just look at Michael Cohen. He was faithful and was crushed and discarded after no longer being useful. The guy still pines for the good old days at Yankees games. But then he snaps right back. It took Mr. Cohen the better part of two decades to be free of the delusion. Have patience with loved ones, this scar is going to take awhile to heal.
Accept him as he is or cut him loose. He's not going to change because you want him to and he's not going to hear one of your arguments and suddenly realize his whole worldview is warped. This is your reality. Good luck.
OP, you are not alone! There's a sub dedicated to helping people whose family and friends are diehard Trump/Fox News supporters.Check it out: r/FoxBrain
This is a Fakespot Reviews Analysis bot. Fakespot detects fake reviews, fake products and unreliable sellers using AI.Here is the analysis for the Amazon product reviews:>**Name**: Unfreedom of the Press >**Company**: >**Amazon Product Rating**: 4.9 >**Fakespot Reviews Grade**: A>**Adjusted Fakespot Rating**: 4.9>**Analysis Performed at**: 01-11-2020 [Link to Fakespot Analysis](https://fakespot.com/product/unfreedom-of-the-press) | [Check out the Fakespot Chrome Extension!](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/fakespot-analyze-fake-ama/nakplnnackehceedgkgkokbgbmfghain)*Fakespot analyzes the reviews authenticity and not the product quality using AI. We look for real reviews that mention product issues such as counterfeits, defects, and bad return policies that fake reviews try to hide from consumers.**We give an A-F letter for trustworthiness of reviews. A = very trustworthy reviews, F = highly untrustworthy reviews. We also provide seller ratings to warn you if the seller can be trusted or not.*
You need to live your life and he needs to live his. You've already invested way more than you need to. There are consequences to being brainwashed and insane. Lots of people are cutting friendships and ties with family. A lot of times this is the healthiest thing to do. Your dad has been radicalized. You're never going to get through to him.
I wish we could trust Snopes again. Police in the South were putting there car hoods up to block their dash cams. The cops say it was to keep equipment from over heating. The same equipment that is used in Phoenix AZ. Snopes gave it a false rating because they call the police department that was doing it and the police lied to them about the overheating. Snopes only evidence was what the police told them. Anyway the cops made the national news and stopped putting their hoods up. No equipment ever overheated after that.
Yep.  You can't devote your life to undoing for free what thousands of people are getting well paid to do in the first place.
Nope.Treason and terrorism aren't a debatable "policy", come back with the both sides are the same BS again....
Imagine an America without Conservatives, no KKK or Nazis! No more unite the right rallies! Never another Charlottesville!
With single payer healthcare, reasonable college tuition and the obscenely wealthy pay a higher percentage in income taxes than their secretaries!
This sounds like an America I want.
I will start loving conservatives the moment that they start holding love for LGBTQ2IA+ and BIPOC folks, immigrants, disabled people, women, and people of all religions. I can happily engage in debate on fiscal issues in a respectful and productive way, but it is IMPOSSIBLE to find middle ground with someone who believes that you should not have the same human rights as they do.
> This is the lefts problemNot being willing to tolerate nazi bullshit?
Additional opportunities to help win the Georgia runoffs:### DonateDonate to Ossoff, Warnock, and Fair Fight:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/georgiasenateDonate to the Movement Voter Project Georgia Fund:https://secure.actblue.com/donate/ga-fundDonate to the New Georgia Project:https://newgeorgiaproject.org### VolunteerVolunteer to phone or text bank with Fair Fight:https://www.mobilize.us/fairfight/Volunteer with the New Georgia Project, online or in person:https://newgeorgiaproject.org/volunteer/become-a-volunteer/Volunteer for Jon Ossoff:https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/https://go.electjon.com/page/s/virtual-training-signupVolunteer for Raphael Warnock:https://www.mobilize.us/warnockforgeorgia/https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-actionSign up for letter writing with Vote Forward:https://votefwd.orgSign up for letter writing or phone banking with Working America:https://workingamerica.org/M2Mletterwriting---Also make sure to check out Stacey Abram's takeaways & advice for Georgia's success during this election cycle in her Nov. 13 interview: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XYsFWrY2-WA
I gave to each candidate individually, didnt know this was out there. While it only took like 3 minutes to do the 2 separate transactions, any roadblock can encourage someone to "just do it later". This seems to be a good idea!
Gave $50 each to this, both campaigns, and Stacy's organization. I'm unemployed and kinda broke but this is a tiny investment with a potentially huge payoff which will save the economy, health care, the planet, and help end COVID.
Already sent 100 bucks this month, 100 again next month and the month after.If we don't win, we are fucked. The Dems and Biden have to come through for the middle class or we are back at zero in 2024.
Already donated to Act Blue. I live in Minnesota.
Trump has been projected to win the State of Denial
I would not underestimate his ability to plan a coup. I feel like nobody is taking this seriously.
Man I am getting *so hard* over the thought of Trump being dragged kicking and screaming from the WH.
The White House is telling people working in the White House that instead of trying to look for another job, they need to pretend Trump is going to get a second term, or they will be fired now.Trump is such a snowflake.
Oh...he'll be 2 terms, all right. 2 consecutive terms of life sentences, that is.
Why do people think this is funny? Didn't you see the walls he built around 17 acres around the White house? Nobody is humoring him.
Example of why not to elect Russia to your country's presidency.
A awww.  Hes so sad he cancelled his hair color appointment. Good.
I hate this. Just get out! The longer it goes on, the more at risk he puts us.
Just Bye with this idiots already.Skulk away and await your indictments.
He does not have the support of the military leadership.
Trump isn't known for planning, and a coup takes significant planning. He's just not capable of it. That's why his attempted coup feels more like an epileptic seizure. He can only sow chaos, and dissent. Even if he leaves office without blood shed, the right-wing terror beast has been set lose, and we are going to be seeing significant increases in domestic terrorism, at the very least.
1.) Really? You don't underestimate the guy who couldn't even can tictok properly? He's a clown whose legal arguments in voter fraud lawsuits literally say "Not voter fraud".2.) There's literally thousands of lawyers shutting his bullshit down all across the country. He's 0-13 in court with this bullshit. GOP officials are even abandoning him. European dictators are evening abandoning him. It's being taken plenty seriously by the folks who are too busy to doom post on Reddit about it, and they have it more than handled.
In cuffs. Let it be so.
At his age, that may be ten years
Yeah, the longer they prevent Biden from starting the transition officially I fear they will try something. Hearing he expanded the wall after it looked like he was losing bothered me as well. He faces years of lawsuits and most likely state criminal charges once he's out. He is a trapped rat with nothing to lose and will burn our democracy to the ground if given the chance just so he does not have to face the consequences of his actions.
Doesn't matter. Joe Biden can be sworn in anywhere. John Roberts hates Trump.
The flip side of that is that the military also won't be the people to drag him out if he just refuses to leave. They can't and remain apolitical. And Joe Biden, while he will become their legitimate commander in chief on Jan 20, he can't give them that order even if it would be legal and moral and right, because it sets a horrible precedent. Trump doesn't have to plan anything. He just has to say his version of reality and keep saying it until someone who has power to tell him no and enforce it does so. It is still uncertain who that might be.
Barr is the one I think we should keep our eye on, I know it's just a gut feeling but I think he's gonna try to pull something.
That's the other thing. The White House isn't actually important to being president. It's a nicety and a perk. So if it takes any time at all to get Trump to leave, Biden will just be president at the Capitol or in the halls of the Supreme Court for a day or so while they get little loser out of his house.
Yeah, yeeeeah, but that wasn't planning, it was just lots and lots of chaos and racism. Turns out that really drives conservative voters to the polls in droves. Shit, worked in 2020 as well. If Trump is going coup, it's going to be using his MAGA cult as his army.
Barr can try whatever the fuck he wants. It doesn't matter. They have lost. There no secret trick to pull out of a hat. No legal loop hole here. It's done.
This is why I think they should impeach Barr. To at least slow down his fuckery.
Secret Service and FBI both have the authority to arrest and remove trespassers from the Whitehouse. That is what Trump will be on Jan 20th.
The Secret Service is a law enforcement agency under DHS, which is illegally run by a Trump crony and former lobbyist named Chad Wolf who is an "acting head". This is the same shit stain that deployed federal law enforcement to Portland to attack protestors and ordered his own staff to stop reporting Russia threats. So the idea that the Secret Service will remove Trump is again hoping for a principled public servant somewhere in the command chain under the agency head to disobey the orders of the invalid President and agency head and effectively "king make" the valid President Joe Biden. Again we must face the fact that our entire political structure is held up by norms and good faith, and both have been so repeatedly violated by Republicans that we cannot trust them... either the norms or the Republicans.
Maybe that was his plan when he either gave or exposed 130 of them to Covid.
That's a common but dangerous fantasy that again relies on norms and good faith from the DHS that nobody should have any reason to expect after not seeing it from any other federal agency after a Trump appointee takes control of it. There's always someone else that's supposed to step in and save democracy and we're like 30 down that list past the rest of federal law enforcement and intelligence agencies without any of them having done it, and for some reason people want to pretend the last one on the list is going to step up. That's just not going to happen.
On January 20,President Joe Biden can fire Chad Wolf and install someone who will do his job.
The thing is though, is that this isn't a norm. This is criminal trespassing. So even the D.C. police force can handle it. It won't get that low, because a 4 year coup isn't gonna change the constitution. The rewards for letting Trump stay in power aren't good enough to justify every single person in the chain risking their own safety. Mark my words, January 20th, Joe Biden will sit at the resolute desk and demand that they get a crew in to fumigate the office.
You lost me at the end. He won't win again just like he didn't win this time.
Have you seen these fuckers who voted for him this time. If they kill enough black people that it suppresses voting numbers, we're straight back on the Facism Express.
Hours later... the guys who made this happen got canned.Wow. What a coincidence.
How can it be if trump lost? He's a winner, he can't literally lose.
Those reading this, please please please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?) and Volunteer [here](https://www.mobilize.us/electjon/)Donate to Warnock [here](https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?) and Volunteer [here](https://warnockforgeorgia.com/take-action/)If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out [FairFight](https://fairfight.com/) to donate and [here](https://fairfight.com/join-our-fight) to volunteer.She, among others, was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.I would also highly recommend reaching out to friends and family in GA to confirm they're registered. Also, anyone who will be 18 when the election happens in January will be eligible to register, even if they're 17 now. December 7th is the final date you can register to vote, December 14th is when early voting begins and the election day is January 5th. To request your absentee ballot from click [here](https://ballotrequest.sos.ga.gov/) and register to voter [here](https://registertovote.sos.ga.gov)
 My sister was bitten by a moose.
www.loser.com says otherwise. And we all know that if the internet says it then it must be true.
Many deplorables are saying otherwise and they have all those internet articles to prove it.
What's the plan here?Why replace all these officials at the Pentagon with loyalists at the start of a lame duck session?Im not a tinfoil hat kind of guy, but this smells as if the president is preparing for something.
"Coup De Etat" American narcissist style. And the high percentage of citizens who want a government run by a central strongman with a single party legislature and compliant judicial will see nothing wrong here.Edit; Where's the December invasion planned? Iran or China?
I think they're trying to bury evidence.
The President can easily fire the joint chiefs of staff and likely could use a waiver to immediately install whomever he chooses. The problem ultimately though is that on Jan 20th at 12PM EST the new commander in chief takes over and can then make whatever changes he wants to make.
Jan is going to be a weird dark month.
Why would the union army have even one of the traitors that stood against them memorialized on a military installation?
They are all civilians, however, not the military.  I am fairly certain that the military will not support a coup if trump tries one.
A lame duck authoritarian leaning president who refuses to accept an election loss filling the top branch of military with foam-at-the-mouth loyalists. I'm stumped.
One part of me wants to think this is just him going apeshit and burn shit down like the selfish prick he is.  The other part of me is thinking of that bit from the intro of RA2: Yuris Revenge."My God, that maniac is actually going to do it. May God have mercy on us all..."
This is about a coverup, not a coup.  Look up Barr and Iran-Contra to see what their playbook is.  They want to destroy records, etc.
That's the thing that I'm not getting either.  Trumps' got a few weeks left and that's it. What do these appointees get by being in these positions for only a few weeks? In a normal world they won't be there long enough to affect any kind of change so is it simple resume padding?  I'm not one of the "He's planning a coup" people and don't think for a moment that any branch will answer a call to keep him in power if he demands it so is it a simple thing of loyalty to Trump and grabbing a few more dollars before they are tossed out and unemployable?
> They are all civilians, however, not the military. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Joint_Chiefs_of_Staff#Current_members_of_the_Joint_Chiefs_of_StaffThey're all sporting military ranks. They have no operational authority, but they aren't required to abandon their military standing.I do hope you're right that the military won't support a coup if Trump tries one. Even if the Secretary of Defense issues such orders, subordinates are covered by the Military Code to refuse an illegal order.
These are administrative officials, not military officials.
C&C was not supposed to prophetic
Yep! This is about getting rid of as much incriminating shit as possible.
This suggests their departure wasn't voluntary, but I'm not privy to those details so I can't say for sure.
Yep.  If it comes to that (and I hope it doesn't) it will be the Generals that decide.  The ranks will follow them and not some wannabe in the administration.
>subordinates are covered by the Military Code to refuse an illegal order.It's also covered by "foreign and domestic" threats to America.The military should take him into custody as a illegal combatant should he try.
I meant to type "military officers".  In other words, they don't actually command the military.  At this point, the military brass will not obey Trump's orders.
They all retain their military ranks. With the exception of one admiral, they're all generals.You're right they have no operational authority while serving on the board of Joint Chiefs, they're in a purely advisory capacity. But they're still military personnel.I sincerely hope you're right that the military won't cooperate with any orders to engage against US citizens.
Honestly my dream scenario is Trump trying shenanigans and the military putting him in his place and kicking his ass out of the White House. Maybe it will stop the GOP from using them as political tools.
Trump is their very own Nigerian prince.
His last chance to grift, gotta make it count.
How is that legal? Aren't they campaign funds? Fuck, I'll go *read* the article.
Don't the states involved pay for their own recount?Isn't that a big part of how they show that the vote count and any recount are honest? If Republican voters are that dumb it's hard to even feel sorry for them.
He got that *Need for Greed: Moscow Grift*
Really tho is anyone suprised that he is grifting  his own "charity "? Isnt that why he cant have a charity in NY state?
Trump aims to be the biggest loser of all time forever.
Isn't it explicitly illegal to coordinate with a PAC?
You know, those supporter donation emails really read just like a "too good to be true" scam.
Are soon being kicked out of the White House.
It's by percentage so .1 to .4% state pays for a recount. .5 to .9 the candidate pays. I think those are the thresholds.
It depends on the state. Each one has its own rules. For instance, Georgia pays for the recount if it's less than 0.5% difference. Pennsylvania, on the other hand, makes the petitioner pay no matter the percent but refunds them if they actually find fraud or substantial errors (which never happens, because there's never any).
Also default monthly recurring payments. It's such a shitshow.
Save America? The fuck, this clown had four years to keep America on the upwards trend, but he blew it. What an ass, I'm so glad he's going away!
Leave a monument as a warning to future generations, because those who do not learn the lessons of history are doomed to repeat them.
I mean, impotent online rage is fun and all, but how exactly do you propose we go about destroying the Republican party?  Because if you don't actually have a coherent and achievable plan for doing that, then the reality is that we are going to have to figure out how to work around the Republican party for the foreseeable future.
I'll do you one better. The two party hegemony needs to be razed and the earth salted behind it, so we can live in a sane preferential voting world.The current state of the GOP is abominable, but the democratic party often exploits this dysfunction to default as the "least awful" of two alternatives- this doesn't drive real accountability.Americans deserve to be able to make meaningful choices about priorities beyond "not this guy".
Can't argue much with that.  They have opened Pandora's box willingly.  You get what you get...
I'm as liberal as the average Reddit user, but this is waaay too extreme of a view. Like u/DeadDog818 said, this is not a time for inflammatory language.Edit: If you don't agree with this (like a lot of you in the comments), at least do it for Biden. He's calling for unity, so let's try and be united.
Why, so we can tear it down when it becomes inevitably racist? Or whatever.
What happened to unifying the country?
the Americans who think for some reason that they are Republicans need to be reminded that they are just Americans like the rest of usRepublicans are a professional political organization.  if you're a plumber, you're not a Republican.  you're an American who is a plumber.people have to stop protecting them
Okay. As one of the minorities the Republican party has been assaulting for the past 4 years (12, 20, who's counting at this point,) ... I would tell you what I think of this sentiment you've expressed, but I would have to use words and phrasing that would get me banned from the subreddit.If you're not willing to be "inflammatory" to Republicans and their rhetoric, you're allowing them to get away with what they've done with impunity, and as such encouraging them to keep doing it. If "inflammatory language" is too much opposition to you, just admit that when it's between minorities and Republicans, you may not like the Republicans attitude but you'll side with them every time.Or, grow up, and realize "inflammatory language" as a response to "your entire party apparatus exists to destroy my life" is not all that extreme. In fact, it's downright calm and collected.E: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Appeasement
Ever try to talk to one of the cult members?
It's okay if you put a parental or health warning on it, like cigarettes."Surgeon General Warning: This monument may be detrimental to your health if you have any common sense, or belief in equality amongst humans, or belief in the preservation of Democracy.""ACLU/NAACP Warning: Here lies a party of the greediest, and most racist sons of bitches anyone might run across.  For your safety and the safety of others please keep any defacement of this monument limited to non-bodily fluids."
I mean, dude, everyone who voted for him decided that everything he ever did just ain't a dealbreaker to them. Every hateful word, action, policy, and the stunt he's pulling now. And they're still goosesteppin' for him.Speaking of, it's *just as bad* if they're voting without knowing at least the basics of who they're voting for, which is quite a fucking feat this time around.Willful ignorance is not a foe any intellectual can defeat.
But if you support someone that is an obvious and unrepentant xenophobic, homophobic, racist doesn't that make you complicit in that same racism, homophobia and xenophobia?
The issue is more with the Republican Party, not necessarily the people that voted for them. A lot of them are simply horribly misled and couldn't fathom that their own representatives would lie to them so blatantly.Those voters deserve a party that represents legitimate conservative ideals such as smaller government or fiscal responsibility, not the insane cult the current GOP has become in the wake of Trump. That party need not be the Democrats.
As a republican voter. You are 100%
The sad reality is that many white Democrats are also content with the status quo of systemic racism and violations of the human rights of LGBTQ+ community, as long as there is enough abstraction in the systems of oppression that they aren't confronted by it every day. They remember these communities in the run up to every election, and as soon as the votes are counted they immediately go back to wringing their hands about the "working class" (read: white uneducated male) voter and how to appease them. As soon as they get back to a place where they feel safe they are happy to sell everyone else out so they don't have to keep fighting.Edit: Not claiming this is the situation of the person you were responding to, but this is such a common issue that it's worth addressing in general.
Even [flipping AZ and GA](https://www.nytimes.com/live/2020/11/04/us/election-results#biden-closes-in-on-trump-in-georgia-where-the-counting-of-votes-continues) and winning AK and N.C. doesn't get him to \*270, only 259. The fraud claims don't hold water. He's lost the election, but I think he's going to attempt a coup, i.e. refuse to concede or begin transitioning. We'll see how that goes, at the very last my Thanksgiving is ruined.\*edit
Even as a Canadian I know better than to believe a word that anyone says in favour of Trump.It's all lies man. Just assume it's all lies.I  have a bet with an American dude that if trump is actually inaugurated in January I'll cut my dick off and mail it to him.  And when Joe Biden becomes the president he will donate $1000 to BLM
No pathway for trump without cheating or attempting a coup. The margins are too wide in Biden's favor. In the meantime, the counting and certifying are going on in the counties with no problem.There's no truth in the delusional trumpland.
Never base your assumptions on what Trump supporters believe.
Trump voters have zero logic or any relevance on how this will pan out. Ignore the noise.
Trump supporters also think\-He will have Mexico pay for the wall\-that trumps cares about his followers\-that he was a great student\-that he was a great businessman\-that he was a great presidentso basically, arguing with trump supporters is like eating soup with a fork..
Want to see something scary? Go to predictit.org and look at how many people are willing to put actual money on Trump still winning. If you check often, you'll see it's actually going up.It should be 99/1 like California is. Instead its like 85/17.
Speaking from personal experience, I have a lot of republican acquaintances and only the very dumbest of the lot really thinks he has a chance in hell. They've mostly admitted defeat and will likely latch onto the next joker the GOP tells them to admire one Trump is gone.
His supporters are being told he has a path to victory by Trump, which is why they think that. He has no path. Recounts will not change the results. The courts, the Republican party, and the military will not put their power at risk for him.
He does not have a pathway to victory.  He is on the road to chaos right now trying to take us all with him.  Do not go.
They're trying to make a big deal out of the idea that they can push those states with Republican legislatures to bypass the election and just hand-pick electors that will vote for drumpf, but the thing is that each state certifies \*ahead of time\* the method they use to pick electors, and by law it's the winner of the popular vote in that state. If any state deviates from that method, they have to notify voters in writing well ahead of the election.No state has done this. Drumpf has no path to victory.
No. Biden is over 270. There can only be one over 270. They are delusional.
It's insanity. Don't feed into it. That's what they want. The election has been called, just as it always has. Like all other things, they're uninformed.
No, trump has no path, and don't waste a second more of your time or mental energy worrying about that. Republicans lie about everything - remember Saddam's WMD? It's what they do. Breathe. Joe Biden will take office in January, and nothing can stop that.
Agree he will attempt a coup.
It should be recognized as a coup attempt, if the weakest coup attempt ever. I'm guessing that the main intention is to rile people up with more conspiracy theories so that they're easier to control later. I doubt anyone actually thinks Donald will find a way to stay in office.
Yeah, Thanksgiving ruined. Can't look any of those trumpers and/or Republicans in the face considering they can't accept defeat and seek healing after their abusive messiah has crapped all over our norms, decency, traditions and now democracy.
Mainly because his supporters are idiots among other less desirable connotations.
Neither of those is a coup. If that's all he does, then time just passes and he's forced to leave on Jan 20 because it's official on Dec 14.What I fear he'll do is an actual coup. Arrange for electors to swap their vote to him and arrange for the Pentagon to be void of people willing to say no to deploying the armed forces domestically.
Careful. Don't put a second, fake inauguration off the table. I can totally see Trump avoiding Bidens inauguration and the jubilation of him leaving on Marine One by holding a sham inauguration somewhere else.And 70 million dumbfuck morons will eat it up.Also can I get in on a bet with your guy about crowd size jokes and how Trump will say his was bigger even though there's this whole "please don't come" virus thing he might have heard of.
wait...so Hillary and Obama weren't locked up?  JFK jr didn't come back from the dead???
But do feel free to make a wager with them on pretty much anything they say. Just make sure they have the money first, cuz, not the sharpest knives in the drawer.
There is ZERO chance drumpf is going to win Arizona. The votes just aren't there.
He \*did\* fire the Secretary of Defense for disagreeing with him over the idea of deploying the military on American soil. Maybe he's trying an old-fashioned military takeover of the country.Except he doesn't have the support of enough high-ranking military officers to pull it off. He'd have to have them ALL, and he doesn't even have a handful.
Thank god my family at Thanksgiving are all Dems/liberals.  My fathers family that is not the case but they will be down in Florida tucked away with all the other Baby Boomer GOP supporters.  Yeah actually now that you mention it might actually be a really good Thanksgiving this year.
I think both those are highly unlikely. There was a vote. We had the same dream in 2016 with Clinton (i.e. that electors would get swapped somehow). They're just in the denial stage of mourning. They'll thrash and trash the place a bit, but that's all they've got.My real worry is later after Biden is inaugurated. The right is going to lose its mind, and I expect a lot of domestic terrorism.
they've been tossed out of court for lack evidence in every case so far
I can totally see Trump trying this. But once Biden is legitimately inaugurated, Trump is no longer protected by the office of the Presidency and if he continues to try stunts like this, they're gonna come after him.
He will style himself as "president in exile" and tweet incessantly about how Biden is a "youserperer" and an "ileigitmate" president.
He will probably try and use armed ICE officers too in his coup, and while they are shitty people that are even worse trained that's 10s of thousands of loyal, racist troops that will do whatever he says.
What a fitting end. The back lot of a landscaping outfit, tucked between a sex shop and crematorium with one of the guest speakers being a convicted sex offender. You can't write shit like that.
I'm concerned about the national security info he and his clan know now...like jr, jared, pompeo etc. trump can't remember much and doesn't read much, but his side kicks have classified info...that worries me the most.
Civilian leadership.  The Military leadership is 100% going to support the constitution NOT the Trump crime family.
>He will probably try and use armed ICE officers too in his coupJesus, why not just go full Mall Cop? I've never seen lazier or more ill-equipped officers in my life than I did at the border.Plus there's only 20k ICE officers in the first place. Total. They couldn't take San Diego, let alone the whole country.
And also......he's got until Jan 20th. Constitutional deadline. He would no longer have the authority of Commander in Chief, even if he's declaring himself Emperor for Life or whatever, and he would lose the authority to command the U.S. military. After that, any soldier remaining loyal would have to do so as a direct act of treason against the United States.
A lot of people and institutions go into making the government and its laws and function work. Right now, Trump has installed a lot of scoundrels to undermine it, but when he's gone so are they and the power they wield. Sure, they'll cry foul, but it's useless at that point. They have lost their power.
You don't need to take the whole country, but 20k cannon fodder can do a lot of damage. Also, at least some of the military would follow trump in a coup, but hopefully a small minority.I didn't say it was a good plan.One of trump's first actions was to attempt to recruit and hire 30k more ice officers. Thankfully he sucks at it and no one else. Wanted the jobs.
What's that? A cult member took trump's dollar to tell lies about the Democrats?# UNPOSSIBLE
Guy appears on stage with Rudy and the sexual abuser from NJ at the White House ....  Restaurant in 3..2..1
Unfortunately, it was never about the truth; it was about building a lie that would echo through Conservative media. It was a success. The false narrative that the election is being stolen from Trump has gone viral, and is now the new reality of at least a large portion of his 71 million cult.
Make an example out of him
Better yet, grant him immunity if he spills the beans on whichever GOP goon put him up to it.
Like that woman from KY..... Shudder
To be honest, if someone called me and asked who I was going to vote for, I would just hang up.
Drive around the country.  With as polarized as people are, it's not hard to tell.  When Iowa was a "toss up", I was baffled.  Have these people *been* to Iowa?
Also maybe a lot of Republicans literally just lie when asked who they're going to vote for?
The way they do statewide polling now is over. It's over forever. Don't make a correction next time and then 2022 or 2024 they'll tell us they fixed it but the same thing will happen.
Floridian here. This autumn was insane with unidentified numbers calling our land line, abruptly stopping a couple of days before the election. We never picked up once.
Ok I take offense to that. LolI know people would think I'm weird for responding to polls. But I don't think it's weird.  I just know that it's not the "cool" thing to do.  I just don't mind doing the right thing.
As someone who did phone banking, please realize that 1. you must answer and explicitly say "please take me off of your call list" (preferably politely) to stop getting calls, and 2. If it's a short survey, just answer the questions.
My parents do this. They are afraid pollsters are making a list of Trump supporters and when Biden is in power they will move to silence political opponents. Which is weird, because I would have thought they were too smart to believe something so batshit insane.
Texas, just this cycle got a ton; answered all of them though because I'm waiting for some calls and I didn't know the number they were calling from.
It's a projection - Trump would have done this if the executive administration enabled him.  He campaigned on "Lock her up!" so they probably understand their own culpability in helping elect such a gigantic fuck-up and maybe even feel guilty enough to believe it was criminal.It's not, though, and never has been.  It's the wishful thinking of fascists who voted *for* Trump.
Or they are ashamed to admit that they are voting/voted for a fascist.
I only know two reasons, conservatives think that unions protect the lazy and punish the employer, neither of which are the case. If one lazy worker has a job alongside several dozen good employees who are also protected from shit corporations, then it isn't a bad thing. The employer wouldn't pay their employees if the law didn't make them, that's why there are many hard jobs offering 13, a non-livable wage in most US cities. Some unions are a bit useless imo. I used to work for the DOC, and their union was to protect officers from losing their jobs. It is almost impossible to lose your job as a correctional officer in my state unless you screw around with an offender or bring in contraband. Even the asshole who pepper sprayed a Muslim prayer room still has his job.
I bet they like Cop Unions.
> I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, What does this mean to you?  What does leadership by a president look like, in your estimation?  What qualities or virtues did Trump exhibit that you would consider leader-like?  What are some examples of Trump expressing leadership in the past that you found notable, and that influenced your decision to vote for him?
I'm curious, why did you think Biden was a joke?
 It is really hard for me to have empathy for anyone who voted for Trump in this election, but I'm willing to set aside that difference as much as possible because it is time to bring together *all* Americans. We all had 4 years to see the damage he caused, removing hundreds of environmental regulations that kept our water and air safe, raising tariffs that *only hurt* small American businesses, the only president with negative job growth, who did *nothing* to support the 2nd amendment (other than screaming about it), raising taxes on middle and lower class Americans, giving *more* tax cuts to the wealthy, defunding parts of the VA and military housing, he had no libertarian values at all.Meanwhile, Biden has a history of promoting job growth and economic stability, supporting the constitution, compassion, dignity, truth, respect for our troops and our police officers, supporting VA reform to help keep our vets from committing suicide, and a healthy foreign policy. While I'm glad you've come around, I highly suggest you read about how Biden has already helped you in the past and how he's ready to unite America again.
Honest question: how come it took so long for you to see trump for what he is?
I think we're all very glad you have seen what Trump is. But really, most of us are wondering, why now? What he is saying now is nothing different than he has been saying for 4 years. He has only ever led his base and made fun of anyone that didn't like him or he disagreed with. He has laughed about "being presidential" and made it seem like that was stiff or boring behavior. But that is what people want; normalcy. No one wants chaos coming from the core of our government.
> I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. And yet you voted for him. And now you're glad he didn't win? I'll be honest, it scares me that there's people like you out there voting. You need to do better in the future.
That speech that Trump gave is what he has been doing for the 4 years from the beginning of his campaign.   Go back and read his words from his rallies, they are just like that speech you hated.
Do you want a pat on the back? A cookie, perhaps?  What do you expect to get out of this post? If you didn't see the horrors of a Trump presidency while he was president and you're just now realizing it because he went all crybaby the other day, you still don't get it.
Have you been one of the people talking about "Trump derangement syndrome"?Be honest with us and yourself.I can roleplay as the average MAGA degenerate to give you a little taste of how conservatives treated other people for four years (absolutely a majority of them).I'm not trying to be an ass, but I have to be honest. I have no respect for anyone who ever respected Trump and you people need to do much more than something like this post to get my respect back.And you can of course ignore me, but I guarantee you there are millions like me and globally probably hundreds of millions. I guarantee you that a lot of the people trying to be respectful here secretly agree with me but don't want to antagonize you *already* - well I don't care about the karma or civility. So I'm letting you know, you just did the absolute minimum right now. I hope you understand.
As I tried to explain to other 2A advocates, the Supreme Court already ruled against some of the more restrictive gun laws a few years ago. And with a 6-3 conservative Court, it's unlikely much will change. Thankfully Trump doesn't know shirt about making deals, or he would've held off until after the election to appoint a new justice. Since he did already, he's made himself unnecessary for this issue. Personally, I don't think Trump cared one way or the other. He was just saying what people wanted to hear. Which is what he's done long before he was ever elected.
Those seeing this post, please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out the "Get Involved" tab on  https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
Why would you think Trump could LEAD before now? He has never done that, only EMBARRASSED.
You voted for Trump... And now you're saying you're pleasantly surprised... Whoever you are please reconsider your life choices
The screw i read?> how I missed hearing inspiring, hopeful and inclusive speeches from the  nations leader. Trump was crying like a child, " I easily win this  election," and how big tech and the media are trying to take him down...  Sickening...    >  > Before the election I thought that Biden was an absolute joke, now I  have a lot more respect for him and his supporters. "There is a time to  build, a time to reap and a time to sow, a time to heal, this is the  time to heal in America." Entire cities, including mine, are erupting  into cheers over the win. Trump has turned the US into the laughing  stock of the world, and I'm glad it's over.   >  >I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. Do you realizes Biden was Vice President under Obama, hows that goes compare 2008 Obama's era to 2016 Trump's era?All meanings, welcome aboard...
Welcome.  Seriously, welcome.  Serious question- and I'm not trying to attack you here, but I just have to ask- you say you are a strong supporter of the second amendment.  Do you legitimately believe that the Obama administration really did much of anything to reduce gun ownership rights?  More importantly, were you aware of the incident in 2018 (video below) when Trump himself said "take the guns first, go through due process second."  I would have thought the NRA would have had a baby over that, but it was barely a blip on the radar.  Did you know he had said that, and was there any backlash in the 2A community?  I don't run in those circles, so I honestly don't know how they reacted, or if they knew about it.  For the uninitiated:[https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxgybgEKHHI](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yxgybgEKHHI)
Those seeing this post, please please please consider donating to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enight If unsure who to donate to, or if you're unable to donate money, I know Stacy Abram's organization "Fair Fight" in GA are looking for both local and national volunteers. Check out the "Get Involved" tab on  https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
You hate minorities & support people starving in the streets. You belong in the Republican Party.
Trump will be the downfall of the GOP. He is not a Republican and the GOP should not have embraced his hateful and devicive rhetoric. He has woken the sleeping giant of an unengeged but more inclusive American populace and the GOP will have a difficult time gaining the level of support from the Trump base with a different candidate.
If you are glad Trump lost but voted for him anyway, I think you're voting wrong. This is what's at the heart of today's political struggle. We know who we are and thus we think we know who deserves our vote. But that's not how it should be, we should be able to see that sometimes politicians we agree with are too dangerous to vote for.
I mean good on you, but Trump hasn't changed from day one till today. It's lost on me how someone can go this long and finally wake up after is clear that Trump lost.Is this the equivalent of being fair weather fan of whatever sports team is winning at the moment?
>I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEADSo...why'd you vote for Trump then? As a joke?
Not OP but some people seem drawn to Trump because he is a blowhard, tells it like it is, and all that.Others like the American Exceptionalism narrative so in Trump they see a strong leader.Combine the two and you get a semblance of a strong leader if you agree with the ideology.
Americans are a bunch of weak willed losers, who believe someone loud and mean is strong.
u/anna_or_elsa and u/SlightlyJason \-  The future of our party, and our country, likely depends on our future ability to reach people like the OP and convince him that Democratic candidates are the best choice to advance his interests and those of our nation as a whole.  If we're going to do that, we need to understand his actual reasoning - not substitute our own guesses, accusations, and stereotypes.
I'd hazard a guess that thinking was not involved.
Especially given that he has over 40+ years of experience in elected office.
I'm going to hijack your top comment and put this right here for OP:&#x200B;[https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jozhxx/as\_trump\_claims\_election\_is\_being\_stolen\_john/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web2x&context=3](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/jozhxx/as_trump_claims_election_is_being_stolen_john/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web2x&context=3)
This is why there can be no pardons, the people that committed criminal acts for Trump must be tried as well as Trump.I don't know what the witnesses that refused to speak under oath to Mueller will say when subpoenas are enforced, but refusal to testify under oath is a crime all by itself.
Hell, his entire life.  His long, well-documented history as a con-man and liar is out there for anyone to see.
I'm struggling with OPs post honestly
>I voted for Trump because I want the leader of the nation to LEAD, Trump is no longer leading this country, he is destroying it. Biden how has the chance to change it... let's see how he does.I doubt this will get answered. His self revelation above is enough for the decade.
This is a regular discussion, if you want to call it that, I have with my brothers and sisters in law.  "Trump was standing up for America and American values!""Trump was a businessman first and wasn't good at being a politician. We should cut him some slack.""He was standing up to China and bringing back jobs."My argument was always math and empirical data trumps opinions and tweets every fucking day. But that didn't matter. The election was stolen. Trump deserves to fight on.Then my partner and I (a gay couple) got invited to Thanksgiving with a promise not to discuss politics. My partner is saying no, we're not going. I'm a bit more forgiving.
This is a strong comment but a fair one.
Agreed. FUCK HIS FEELINGS. He's confessed and had a self revelation... now he'll likely go to sleep for 10 more years.
Obama was an absolute middle-of-the-road moderate. He was to the right of Nixon on some issues. But yet he was a radical Christian Muslim extremist. Fuck Trump and conservatives forever for those 8 years of hate and obstruction.
That's the kind of "strong leadership" shown by the likes of Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin. I'm always wary when I hear someone say they want a "strong leader". I prefer wise, competent, and compassionate leaders.As for "telling it as it is", that necessitates being truthful. trump therefore does not "tell it as it is."
This is word for word exactly what my dad says. "He's a blowhard and he's got a ridiculous ego but he tells it like it is and the economy was great. He cut taxes like he said he would and loosened regulation." That's what most Trump voters think. Most of them are not red hat wearing MAGA chuds and white supremacists. Issues like racial injustice and racial inequity don't matter to these voters. They care about the economy and a select handful of social issues. While I couldn't disagree with them more, I think this is an important thing to understand.
40 adult years I've watched this 'show' unwind, waiting for a revolution. I'm a little jaded and a lot discouraged by a 6-3 conservative supreme court.If you think some kind of revolution has begun you are misguided. Nothing happened this week except a very unpopular president was barely defeated.Obama was the "new hope" and look how the turned out. We got Trump in response.I'll get a little more excited after the winner of the election is certified and one side or the other has not erupted in (violent) protests. Until then I'm not really worried about some Texan's epiphany after voting for Trump just a few days earlier.
Basically what I was getting at. If all someone listened to (and believed) was the torrent of totally false propaganda that's been disseminated about Biden, you could hardly think otherwise. Now that people can see who and what Biden really is, I'm curious to see how many right-wingers will actually admit how wrong they were to believe it.
Right wing media.  Bingo! That shit corrupts your mind.
I definitely get it. Not at all the ideal choice, but he gets us in the right direction. Trump would've just dragged us all further into the abyss.  I think the sparse rally attendance is primarily attributable to COVID. Trump supporters don't see it as a threat, so they turned out in droves.
The reason Biden's crowds were smaller is because Democrats listened to the science and social distanced. Also we have jobs we can't leave for a rally.
As depressing as it is, I'm very curious what he does with pardons. Kinda like a train wreck you can't turn away from.
Right? If they compared any of the speeches before the election or even watched the debates, they should of realized this.
At what point did he ever effectively or professionally lead the country?
Yup. My point of view: If you felt informed enough to vote but it took you this long to realize there's something wrong here, don't fucking vote. OP lists a bunch of feel good ideological positions here ("economically libertarian" = "I don't like paying my taxes and never thought about how much of my life wouldn't have been possible without people paying taxes") but also got a little defensive in a comment here saying they didn't follow the ins and outs of US politics over the last 4 years.Humility, people. I honestly don't fucking care what your opinion is. Most people aren't monsters. But if you don't fucking know what you're talking about, stop pretending you do.And that's all there is to it. People can proudly proclaim how incapable they were to understand science and maths in school and they get applauded for it. But god forbid someone calls out political ignorance. Once we talk about politics we throw around big philosophical terms like it was nothing and everyone becomes an expert on sociology, economics and (ironically considering how I started this paragraph), fucking science.If someone voted Trump, they voted for a dipshit denying climate change. As not-an-American, this alone is enough for me to have a serious personal problem with you. Full stop. And with Trump, there's a myriade of these issues.If you voted Trump, you should never ask something like "how could [insert totalitarian regime] happen?" ever again. Instead, if someone asks, step foward, raise your hand and loudly declare "Because of me".Now *that* would regain my respect.EDIT: Got a weird notification about using too many "f-bombs". I am terribly sorry for lacking to diversify my vulgarity in what clearly isn't my fucking native language. Have a nice day.
I'm not trying to actively antagonize OP/people in general btw (except for one degenerate in the comments who should know who they are). I just think the bar needs to be higher. Much, much higher. And conservatives need to fucking grow up.
Oh and btw, because I just remembered: Guess why you won't find me posting on conservative subs? Cause I'm banned. From all of the bigger ones btw.So much for respecting other people's opinions. I know you are allowed to do literally anything as a conservative these days but don't always project your own degeneracy and shitfuckery on the rest of us.
I'm not so sure about that. Sure, he doesn't act in a 'traditionally conservative' way, but he embodies the "fuck you, I've got mine." conservative mindset pretty well. The secret is that 'conservative values' are bullshit, thats why they don't care that he doesn't bother with all the disingenuous virtue signaling lip service Republicans normally spew. Conservatives are pissed because he dropped the curtain and made it much more difficult to maintain the illusion of good faith and plausible deniability.
Giving people passes for being assholes is how we got in this mess. Part of healing would be the consequences people need to face for the shit show of the last 4 years.
>*That's the kind of "strong leadership" shown by the likes of* ***Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin.*** Exactly, or more recently, Putin.  You know, the guy Trump was always trying to suck up to.
No, I don't think some kind of revolution has begun.  I think that we, as liberals, need to work harder at making our message appeal to the rest of the country, including current or recent Trump supporters like OP.  If we don't do that, and soon, we're not only going to fail to take control of the Senate but most likely lose control of the House during the midterms and see more Trump-style presidencies.Trump supporters are not just going to go away after this election.  We need to deal with that fact if we are going to progress, as a nation.  That starts with understanding them, and finding ways to reach them.  The only alternatives are violent ones.
You realize, of course, the time to learn about the candidates is BEFORE the elections, right?
I wouldn't refer to him as a joke per say, just not a candidate I would willingly like to support based on his historical voting and policy practices.
Watch OAN and Fox and compare it to MSNBC especially when they cover Democrats and BLM stuff... just listen to the verbiage. Right wing outlets use words like riot, thug...Left wing outlets use terms like protest and activist... Might not seem like much but words matter.
Well there was this recent story about Fox...  "You Literally Can't Believe The Facts Tucker Carlson Tells You. So Say Fox's Lawyers"  [https://www.npr.org/2020/09/29/917747123/you-literally-cant-believe-the-facts-tucker-carlson-tells-you-so-say-fox-s-lawye](https://www.npr.org/2020/09/29/917747123/you-literally-cant-believe-the-facts-tucker-carlson-tells-you-so-say-fox-s-lawye)
I think conservatives tend to mistake empathy and decency with weakness. They are usually the type of people who think that you earn respect by making people fear you instead of through leadership and sacrifice.
The consequence of so many empty seats at Thanksgiving dinners across the country is consequences enough. Unfortunately all of us paid for it, but unless his base are all millionaires/billionaires they're arguably worse off than before.I get the idea of wanting revenge. What does that actually do for us, in terms of moving the country forward? I want a better world for my daughter, not to own the conservatives.
  Going after Trump voters might make YOU feel better, but it won't heal our nation. This guy only voted- he wasn't an active destroyer of our country. You have to make some decisions on who to punish for their crimes, unless you're aiming for a full blown civil war!
Like what? His record has been as lied about about as much as his character and cognitive ability
OAN, Fox, Sinclair owned local news outlets and a S-LEW of pissant grade local AM radio stations.
Fox News, NewsMax, Breitbart, The Blaze, New York Post, Washington Times, One America News, WorldNetDaily, InfoWars, Drudge Report, Daily Caller, Daily Wire, and a host of other sources from the sewer.
>See, you'll always justify it to suit your ideologyLook in the mirror.  Facts matter.  When the propaganda contradicts the facts then the propaganda is a lie.
So Biden is going to have access to the uncensored Mueller report soon, right?
Same to that Nazi POS Steve Miller.
How long before Joe can prosecute the entire Trump family?
Those considering giving awards to this post, please please please consider donating those funds to the special election happening in GA with Jon Ossof and Raphael Warnock. If we can get a senate majority and ditch Moscow Mitch, we may actually be able to see real change.Donate to Ossof here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/social2_2020_10_05_ro_tjo?refcode=social2Donate to Warnock here: https://secure.actblue.com/donate/wfg-social?refcode=enightIf unsure who to donate to, I would recommend Stacy Abram's organization as well: https://fairfight.com/She was responsible for flipping GA blue during the election by registering 800k voters.
Disbar the guy and prosecute him for the full extent of the law. All the laws he broke!
Bye you fat piece of shit
I hope Biden brings back every gdamn career official that was completely fucked over by this regime.
> *Goodbye, Bill Barr*Decluttered version of this Slate Magazine's article archived on November 07, 2020 can be viewed on https://outline.com/47Ueg5
Worthwhile just for the head explosions.
Good choice.However, I heard she wants the Department of Defense job.
Good.  So, he will crawl back into the same dipshit obscurity that he came from.
She wants to fuck up Putin.  And I approve.
How effective would it be with a republican Senate?
Yes. SDNY and New York State are both investigating Trump and his family. New York State has already been successful in a couple fraud cases related to charitable foundations. I imagine that Javanka might have some explaining to do too.
What would the Senate have to do with anything?
Opening any sort of congressional investigation would require their partnership. If state authorities, like NY state, continue their work it will be great. But something at the federal level would be nice too.
Your empathetic statement is the kind of sentiment that has the potential to heal America, and it needs a lot of healing. It's not practical to wait for the other side to extend an olive branch. You have to take the lead, and gain their trust. And doing so will only help, not hurt.
No. This is why liberals lose and never get anything done. Unilateral disarming.
I agree, offer an open hand to them but some conditions should apply, no Nazi supporters need offer their ideas.   No Klan supporters need offer their ideas.  No meeting them half way with OK you can continue to support Nazis. You get the point.
sadly, it's gonna be like accepting those that backed Negan.We know what they were backing, and some of us won't be able to forgive them.
Hitler came into power, and held onto power not because of the work of his fanatic followers, but on the backs of the "little men/Nazis". People who were OK with the round ups of Jews, the theft of their property, the concentration camps, all of it if it meant they were financially secure/comfortable.These conservatives are no different than those little men. There is no welcoming them back until they see the damage they caused, accept the responsibility of it, and make amends for it.
Politics is war.  If it is not fought in the houses of government it will be fought on the streets.  For my whole life (49 years) the Republicans have been waging war and the Democrats have been extending 'olive branches'.  Trump is the result, the wet dream.  McConnell is the ringmaster.What did we get from our olive branches?Uncontrolled pandemic.Millions out of work.Thousands of businesses, large and small, bankrupt.Unaffordable healthcare.Propaganda-as-news.Riots stoked by a president out of control.Courts stacked for a lifetime.It's not time to extend an 'olive branch'.  Meet the Republicans on the field and fight in the houses of Congress, fight in the state legislatures, fight in the White House and State Capitals.  It may already be too late.  The Proud Boys are rattling their sabers.  But maybe if the battle is brought back to the political stage we can avoid a civil war.We'll get nothing from olive branches.
>There is no better time to extend an olive branch to those around us who see the world differently than us.Nope.  Nope nope nope.Right now many Trump supporters still believe Trump will win, or that his re-election was stolen somehow.  They are angry and irrational.  Now is not the time to attempt to reach out to them.  It's fruitless.  Their reaction will be more anger and great suspicion.***If*** any of them ever want to reach out to ***us*** and have a genuine conversation, instead of scream bullshit conspiracy theories and bile, then sure, maybe then it's time to try to reason with them.
Hell no. We were fighting against actual 2020 Nazis. Stop trying to give the worst ppl who are still terrible a pass. I hate dipshit shallow posts like this.
No. No it isn't. Now is the time to politically destroy them, so their backwards, racist, hateful asses can never hold power again. They never extended olive branches to us. They treated us like the enemies of America. Their idea of compromise has always been "fuck you, do it our way." They deserve nothing from us but disdain. Fuck conservatives, they've been fucking us for 40 years.
Geez, I wish I encountered more conservatives like you. That is not, I don't think, the attitude most of us  encounter.
The thing is, I wasn't working to "beat these assholes", I was working to make the world a better place. And if extending a handshake, or opening some conversation will get us there, then now is the time to start. Yeah, there are some who will never work with anyone, and there are those who are too bigoted or angry to ever find a reasonable compromise with. But the majority of people aren't that way, they were just hitched to a bad horse. That horse is gone, now we start pulling together instead. And leave the most destructive ones behind in the mud.
The biggest thing is to realize that there isn't just two sides here. There's a whole spectrum of people. So yes, anyone who is too far away from what's right and good for all should be ignored. Anyone who is willing to take steps in the right direction is welcome. It's also not good to think of "our side"as monolithic either. You say "our plan" but I think there's a million different plans.  The biggest breakdowns of the last four years (or more, really, but it's been more evident the last 4) is the "us vs them" mentality.  This isn't a game of football. This is real life. Divisions and teams and sides don't help.
This is hardly the first time a Democratic president has had to clean up the mess left behind by a Republican president.
Relief!Is there any Democratic president who did not inherit a mess from his Republicunt predecessor?
I can hear the munchkins say, " This is a day of independence....."
This is a win for everyone. This is what you build on. Biden's election changes the world. I'm living in Germany right now, and it fundamentally changes the politics of Europe for the better.
no surprise here.   it is a long-established fact that the more education you have, the more likely you are to vote democrat/progressive.  its interesting to see that this fact is validated once again, however.
Yes you need to register in the next few weeks to vote in the runoff. If you're already registered, just make sure it's valid for the January 5th election.Edit - let's go Osoff! "It's not just that you're a criminal, Senator..."
Trump has been disparaging Fox in favor of OANN for years now  It's partly because Fox isn't flattering enough for him, but probably mostly because he wants to start Trump News when he leaves office and usurp their delusional rightwing audience
Those people who claim they don't want the government telling them what to do decided to turn against Fox when trump told them to.
Isn't it weird that there exists such things as Trump supporters?
I'm hoping the radical right splinters off and they won't be able to agree on who is radical enough and they will lose elections because of it. Meanwhile I want the left to become a little more progressive. Not sure what Biden will bring but it's fun sure better than what we have now. I am enjoying watching Trump flail.
I don't want Trump to win but mathematically they did call it way too early.
I actually have to give credit to fox's "news" people.  Dur8ng the trump era they did a pretty good job. Shame they had to be on the same network as the morning nuts and the 5 nuts and the evening nuts.
Dude, the tone of Fox the day of the election and day after reflects what you said so much. When I was watching Tuesday, they actually had a pretty good team that was definitely hopeful of Trumps chances but were definitely aware of the mail in votes in critical states and condemned the president's declaration of victory. Didnt see Carlson or Hannity when I switched to Fox that night. Then they called Arizona and the following day they had a Trump campaign official SCOLD the leads of that team the following night, then they took them off and threw on Hannity and Carslon to start drumming up the conspiracy, almost as if they were trying to apologize.
 There's always a certain part of the population that is just waiting for someone to tell them it's okay to be the worst.
Reality has a well-known liberal bias.
I "live in a bubble of liberalism"??? I literally said in my post that I like to read and hear different viewpoints lol
I understand where you're coming from but my intention wasnt to attack and divide but to share an observation I've made of the other viewpoint. I really do value listening to both sides of an argument even though I'm pretty cemented into my views at this point, that's the fabric of this country, BUT Fox News has always been the source of toxic thoughts, conversations, and actions for two thirds my life. I Don't want people saying "Fuck Fox News" just because they THINK they somehow hurt Trumps chances.
Sadly this is how a lot of News Media works, you go after high profile politicians and your highpaying TV job is going to be on the line.  Mika Brzezinski basically said on air that the Clinton team tried to get her fired after some truly benign criticism in 2016
I work in a government office and overheard a conversation between two guys who are pretty well connected with the state Republican party. They were both in agreement that the party can't let the crazies take over AND they both said it would be good for the party to be out from under Trump. It was interesting to hear.
That's the new playbook. Now since it looks like Republicans are gonna lose the presidency, it's on us to cater to them, or they cry "division" and "partisan politics". Remember what Trump did in office, and remember when you were told "you lost, get over it".
Hey man all the conservatives I know take almost every news outlet with a grain of salt. Truth has to be discerned by looking at literally every outlet and scrap you can get on something. Biden is my president man. I wasn't ridin with Biden, but now I am. Him doing well is us doing well. Stop giving people the worst interpretation. Many of us are not so bad and you'd be surprised how much we agree on. Even Trump's buffoonery. So please, lets try to use this result as a way to be graceful as losers and as winners. Many of us are willing fully to accept Biden as the president, just keep that in mind. I genuinely hope you're doing alright. I'm just fine, so you must be feelin pretty good lol. You take care!Oh and I don't know a single republican in my life who thinks Alex Jones is a reliable source for journalism
I've never been R, but I sincerely hope they can shake off the radical nonsense. All the gaslighting and lying has twisted many people into believing Alt-Right craziness.
How? By asking you to explain what you're talking about and how it relates to the discussion at hand?
You had me in the first half not gonna lie
You fucking got me you dirty dog
Pats fan here.You got me.I assumed you were talking about the treasonous orange shitgibbon.
Brady just called the Super Bowl for himself.
As a Saints fan, I have to say this is really well written.
I feel like there's an Atlanta Falcons joke in there somewhere....
I think its funny some of you are downvoting my slow clap when it has nothing to do with Trump... I was giving u/nightlythunderstorm credit for fooling me so eloquently.
Texas was never in doubt.  They tried to run Biden's bus of the highway ffs.
Following. My entire in law family believes trump voters are being persecuted & are gods holy people. Its become a cult and i don't know how to undo that.
Take Don Lemon's advice and treat them like drug addicts. They have to hit "bottom" before they can change.
So I've had some mild success bridging the gap between myself and some family members that are Trump supporters. This is very broad advice but if you do want to have political conversations with them I wouldn't focus on telling them they are wrong, at least not off the bat. That will simply put them on the defensive and probably cause them to withdraw more.I would really start by asking questions around their thoughts and concerns about politics and why that shapes their worldview. Try to find a common ground to establish trust, maybe they think everyone should have healthcare or whatever. It's more about asking questions so they feel that you're engaged and then when you present your views they may be more receptive. It's a process though.In terms of the crazy news stuff, again I wouldn't bombard them with Politifact links telling them they are wrong. I tend to say things like "I'm not sure if there is any evidence behind that, have you seen any?" I think when you ask people questions like that often enough and with genuine intent they start to realize there isn't anything backing up what they are ingesting. To your point, you cannot directly convince them that this stuff is nonsense, they will slowly have to realize it themselves through discourse.
Hey, I feel this. Here's what I try:1. Find the pool of shared meaning - I know someone who has been a huge Trump critic, but voted straight Republican because, "Democrat's will raise taxes on the middle class" to pay for corona relief.  As hard as it may be, I always try to find some common ground.  "That's terrible," I'll say, "the middle class is hurting too, I do not support raising taxes on the middle class"2. Provide a safe space - I don't try to refute things right away.  Sharing a political idea is someone trying to be vulnerable, studies show that if someone is met with immediate resistance, it will only strengthen their view.  As stupid as it sounds, your parents are scared of the changing world (this is why people say Make America Great Again)  and the right wing media is feeding on that fear to push their agenda.  3. Do your research -  Meanwhile, think about the position and try to come up with a response.  In the previous example, I did some research on [Modern Monetary Policy](https://www.marketplace.org/2019/01/24/modern-monetary-theory-explained/) which says, tldr, the government can print stimulus money, add it too the debt without raising taxes and the only consequence will be inflation.  However, because the economy is a little slow right now, printing money won't cause as much inflation as it would in a booming economy, so we can have stimulus money without raising taxes.4.  Share the win - Remember, you are on their side.  This big scary thing that they are afraid of isn't true!  Reach out with your new found knowledge and say, "I have good news, the government can send stimulus checks without raising taxes on the middle class! I even found this cute article with a cartoon, you should read it."  The problem is that they don't have rational people to talk politics with in the first place.  Tell them that you like that you can talk politics with them, you probably know other families who can't handle small disagreements.  Tell them you care about them! You wouldn't be searching for advice if you didn't.5. Rinse and repeat - In this example, I would continue thinking about ways to prevent raising taxes on the middle class.  I would reach out again and ask if they read the article and hey, by the way, what if we legalized and taxed marijuana?  Wouldn't that solve the problem too?  The government could divert resources  from the criminal justice system and prison complex and use that as stimulus funds.  Maybe there will be some left over to support American manufacturing and agriculture or whatever it is they care about.&#x200B;Hang in there!
I'm going to follow this as I'm in the same boat. Not with parents because they're gone but my entire f'ing family has gone hard core Fox News and other right wing conspiracy outlets. Fact checking is unproductive. It's a left lie to them, that I'm making up.  I don't get it and I'm afraid they're just lost forever.
 [I found this article interesting](https://www.scientificamerican.com/article/people-drawn-to-conspiracy-theories-share-a-cluster-of-psychological-features/) as it mentions that people with anxiety can be drawn to conspiratorial thinking. In my opinion, there are a number of factors at play that can lead to this other than anxiety, such as: loneliness, isolation, financial struggles, and when taken all together these lead to people becoming protective of themselves and paranoid. Good luck trying to free them of their delusions.
Ive had people leave their church because it ran counter to what Trump told them. They have made their choice.
Honestly, I don't think there's anything you can do outside of what you're already doing.  My mom and dad are on the Trump train, and they know not to bring up politics around me anymore.  In the past when they would bring up something defending Trump, I would just laugh in their face and tell them they need to lay off the FoxNews.  They haven't changed their views and they still watch FoxNews all day long, but they now know better than to talk that crazy shit to me.  So laughing in their face and not taking their claims seriously, along with me distancing myself from them these last couple years has helped change the way they behave around me, maybe it will help for your situation as well.Summary: Laugh in their face and don't even give them the courtesy of a response or a fact-check when they're being bat shit crazy.  Also, distancing yourself from them will help get the point across that you don't support them being part of a cult.
It's a cult. They're most likely lost until something shakes their faith so inexorably they abandon it. Im sorry.
Divorce them. Uncle Joe and Kamala Harris are your parents now.
https://www.rawstory.com/2020/11/whats-wrong-with-68-million-americans-expert-says-trumps-mental-illness-infected-48-of-the-electorate/Not an unbiased site but seems to address same problem
You can't. My dad cries that covid is a hoax all day long, after witnessing his sister catch it in a nursing home where over 70% of the residents have DIED from it.At the same time he bitches about people not wearing their masks.  Conservatives are literally insane.
My dad thinks this election is as bad as 9/11. There is no saving them.
Perhaps it will diminish when he is finally gone from power .... scary to think that 35-40% of our fellow countrymen might retreat into the fantasy world they have created .... is anyone else contemplating moving overseas for a year or 2 ?
You can start simply limiting your contact time with them, eventually they will ask why.  Make up some reason why, or just say we can talk and see each other, but politics is off the table.  If they care about you, they will comply.  If not...
Can it save my wayward daughter?
Cut them off that's how. Let them know how insane they are being, show them facts, let them know how much it hurts you, and then say goodbye. It's these types of wake up calls people need when they get sucked into a cult.
That's really good advice! Neither addicts or the brainwashed are anchored in reality and they have to want to change. This all just so sad.
What exactly does hitting bottom mean in this context? The drug addiction  analogy only goes so far.
There's a Lincoln Project video titled something like 'How To Talk To Your MAGA Family'. It suggests focusing on *Shared Values* rather than political differences.
I honestly tried to have this very same discussion with my father just yesterday about how the U.S. needs a system in place like Australia's. His response was that blue-collar workers gave up some of their pay/salaries in order to get access to better health care, and if we move to a government-based system, they'll lose that better health care. Meanwhile I'm just thinking, "in what world is that even okay?'. I cannot reason with them.
This is why Trump needs a public trial for asking Russia to attack America.
Maybe show them thisTrumpianity Vs Christianity: https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/10-signs-youre-actually-following-trumpianity-instead-of-christianity/https://www.benjaminlcorey.com/could-american-evangelicals-spot-the-antichrist-heres-the-biblical-predictions/
How? How can you love trump, but also suggest to your girl that fact checking is necessary? These seem incompatible,  to be honest.
You should stop licking lead paint.
Whenever I talk to my brother I feel like the proverbial deer caught in the headlights.  Everything he says catches me by surprise and once I have researched an answer he comes up with something new. Its exhausting.According to my brother, Australia is putting infected people in camps and Scandinavians(my brother's biological grandfather was Scandinavian) are immune to Covid. Sigh
It's not political anymore.  It's amoral views, it's views that affect the livelihood of other human beings.
Do people really live their life to make sure they get an inheritance as soon as they are 50?
I'm getting spammed by a soon-to-be ex-friend with Jimmy Dore videos, telling me I'm brainwashed by the mainstream media, and the Democratic Party is the real enemy. Elections have consequences. One consequence of this election is I've lost all respect for some of my soon-to-be former friends.
Sounds like they're the real cry babies
It's been rough & this is all very serious. Still... I must thank you for the literal lol for the Santa bit. It turns out that sometimes laughter does help.
It's 1am in CO right now. I got about 4 hours of sleep last night then worked a 12hr day hungover. I stopped at Taco Bell on my way home tonight to try their grilled cheese burrito thing because I hadn't eaten all day. I hadn't had TB in probably 5 or 6 yrs. I don't know what that means, I was self medicating in some way I guess. Now I'm up binge watching "Shitt$ Creek". I feel cautiously optimistic about Biden but I'm so sad that almost half the country supports such a gross and hateful person like Trump. I'm *still* confused by 2016. I don't dislike Biden but he doesn't inspire me at all. If Kamala Harris happened to step into the presidency I wouldn't be too upset. I'm worried that I'm witnessing the decline of the US but I'm so glad in live in CO since we did well locally. Such a mixed bag of feelings. I'm emotionally worn out and ready for things to settle down. 4 yrs of crazy was enough.
I have been afraid even try to allow hope to enter my thoughts after election night. What I'm most upset about is Mitch the Bitch still being a Senator with majority power. He bragged that he prevented Obama from getting ANY judicial appointments confirmed in the last two years of his presidency. He'll just go on and do the same with Biden. I hate that mf-er worse than. i hate Trump, and that's saying something. Why is it ok for Republicans to get away with gaming the system year after year after year with NO repercussions? He, Lindsay, and Trump are just going to form a shadow government, banking on spending the next two years enflaming their rabid followers into acts of violence with the plan to recapture the House in two years by selling the "Biden can't get Shit done (due to their blocking relief bills, stimulus, cabinet appointments) in an act of open rebellion and absolute malfeasance of the offices they hold. Fuck everyone in South Carolina who voted for Lindsay and double fuck everyone in Kentucky who voted for Moscow Mitch.
I feel a lot of distance right now with my Trump-loving relatives. He is their messiah and I want no relationship with them anymore. And it's my fault. It feels great.
Miami here holding up pretty well I just wish Arizona would just get it over with one way or the other, I'm not holding my breath that we will win Georgia but Georgia said they would be coming out with the total tonight so if for some reason Biden doesn't win Georgia I'm thinking Arizona and Nevada would probably be the last hope of him winning? Of all the news stations out there faux news called Arizona for Biden last night and I've heard that the drumpf team contacted them and asked them to open Arizona up again and the guy doing the polling for that station said no because what he saw in the voting pattern Biden is going to win Arizona.
really want to fuck with their heads? tell them your a man/woman of god and then pray in tongues.
In a couple of years they'll be ashamed of this behavior but will make up any excuse to justify it. A couple of more years and they'll go in hiding but the racism and corruption will still be there, ready for someone to exploit. Shameful.
That's what happens to most people who's family members fall for cult leaders.
I'm good. Probably shouldn't be enjoying these republican meltdowns but... I am. Worse that Biden COULD still lose.All my republican buddies happy about Trump in 2016, so quick to remind us how democracy works, Hillary lost, and he's MY president too are either predictably quiet or losing their shit. Comical, really. "It's communism, here's a picture of stalin with a dubious quote, liberal voter fraud!" One threatened to move to Mexico, which... alright sure.Basically 2016 except I'm trying to gloat far less than those assholes did.
The MAGAt is a symptom of putrefaction, not a cause. The rot is deep-rooted. That Retardicans can so easily be tricked into voting against their own interests is proof we need to re-engineer society from the bottom up
I saw a bumper sticker today that read TRUMP/PENCE 2020. MAKE LIBERALS CRY AGAIN.If these people can "own the libs" that's almost as good as winning the election.
Show them they are wrong.  Politicians shouldn't be idolized.  We shouldn't hate anyone for how they voted.  Like you,  I don't advertise my politics but when it comes up the first point i get to its that I respect their opinion no matter what it is.
Jimmy Door is a weird youtube guy. He says he is a progressive, but he is always ragging on Democrats for every little thing. I got tired of his shtick.
I would like to know how these people feel when they think back to this time in 10 or 20 years. I hope things will have changed enough that they feel foolish. I fear that it won't.
Jimmy Dore needs to retire and go write a book or something
The Republicans are the ones fighting the culture war, I say we start fighting back. Fuck em.
Everything Republicans complain about is projections of their own actions. Calling people snowflakes was no exception. The party of "fuck your feelings!" sure are sensitive aren't they?
That's an understatement. I didn't once think that the election was stolen or there was cheating at all in 2016. Most people didn't. But this year because their dear leader is losing, his supporters are swarming ballot counting centers demanding to be let in. It's insane.
One of the biggest parts of Trumpism is projection.They simply claim the liberals do all the things they do, and then it's somehow justified for them to do it.I've never seen a mass cult work before as it happens. It's really terrifying seeing otherwise reasonable people fall down this rabbit hole.
It's the little things. We've really had a hard time in the last 4 years. My wife has lost her job and is working several part time jobs now. My parents and I have been on the outs because of their over the top Trumpism. I've lost friends because they turned out to be racist. I just want to move on now. We all should want to move on. But what makes this worse is that 50% of the country still voted for Trump and they are still gonna be out there. We have to find a way to move on together.
More than anything, I want bipartisanism to return to government. I want to be able to talk to a stranger and not worry about their politics or have them throw some crazy curveball Trump saying at me. I think some of them are really going to have an identity crisis. Some supporters went full one insane and latched on to this because they could finally let their racism, bigotry, and hate hangout with no backlash. Those people are still gonna be out there no matter what. That's what I worry about.
In the words of drumpf and all his cultists "Fuck their feelings"
Oh wow. That's really very odd. I'm sorry to hear about this. As happy as I am that the election is going well so far, it does seem like "well now what that hell do we do?" If Trump is gone, his supporters have a reckoning and we all have to figure out how to move on.I wouldn't even be bothered by Trump supporters if they hadn't started off after the 2016 election saying "Get over it!" or "if you don't like it, leave the country" or talking about liberal tears all the time. I have no desire to rub this in anyones face if Biden wins. I just want to move on and be a decent damn country again.
Man I am sorry you have to deal with that. My older sister is nearly lost to us. She was a hermit before, but since Trump show up she has become more secluded. She freaked the fuck out when I told her I didn't believe in Jeebus.It's hard on us all. Hopefully they will see the light some day. And we can have a laugh that a orange skinned shit stain conned his way into the presidency.
I do kind of expect in 10 years no one will admit that they supported Trump. They will at least try to justify it with "oh well....the liberals were communist then". Ugh.But honestly.....I think IF Biden wins, things are going to escalate. You're going to see some Trump supporters do stupid things. Today we saw a pickup truck FULL of people riding around with a bull horn saying that the election was being stolen. 5 Trump flags waving on the truck. No doubt they were armed too. The "Y'all Queda" will likely pickup a little more. Block bridges again. Make a lot of noise. I just hope no one gets killed.
No, Trump has shown them that they can publicly revel in their deplorable behavior and get away with it. He's awakened something awful that's been there for 170 years.
No they won't. That's the problem.
>	RetardicansCan we not with the ableist slurs?
I'm sorry, but if you support, endorse and vote for a racist, you are a racist. Period.
Yeah, and the latest tells me I need to hear what Jimmy Dore has to say, because it's the truth, and he is literally the *only* source for the truth. It truly defies logic. Any advice about something that might help extricate him from the cult?
Actually dear leader claimed illegals voting cause him to lose the popular vote
My oldest daughter is a tRump supporter. I don't know where I failed her? Unbelievable where their mind set is. She's very nasty about it. Her support of him. It's sad. I know at some point we'll have to find a way to move forward.
they only love winning.So make sure you mention to them how rare it is to be a one-term president.  "hmmm....Obama won two terms" should do it
That's the thing - drumpf spent four years bragging about his "win" and making such an obnoxious ass out of himself, and his followers all just copied him, but it never occurred to them that sooner or later he'd have to leave the white house and all their abuse was going to come back on them.
I have no idea how Biden is going to fix this if he wins. My only thought is that he protect worker rights, brings jobs back to America (somehow), and fix our broken elections. He only has $15 minimum wage in his platform, and some other things not worth remembering to me.
Yeah! They're CHUMPS.But really, in the voice of Eric Cartman as the substitute:>How do we reach these Repuuuuublicans?
I'm sorry to hear that. It must be painful for you. Just from my studying his supporters they just like belonging to something they see as strong and like minded. Most of them are very into the Trump culture because they feel slighted in some way, are unhappy about it, and want to get back at someone for it. In my mothers case, it's probably jealousy or feeling uneducated. My cousin dropped out of college, got knocked up, and manages a hotel. She's massively in debt, overweight, and unhappy about everything and she blames Obama for that. No kidding. Her outlet is being insane about Trump and his cult.
They don't even care about winning. [They only want to see liberals lose, even if it means they're also losing.](https://www.reddit.com/r/BasedShitposting/comments/jod9tz/pwning_the_libs/)
Well, I hope you find a way to get past this. My parents, at least my mom, will expect me to throw this in her face if Biden wins. I will not do this. I want to continue on and pretend the last 4 years was a mistake that we'll all learn from. But I know her. She will say something sarcastic and make a big deal out of it. Ugh
Yeah I feel like this all could be some kind of amazing, dramatic movie culminating in him losing like this. I'm sure there will be many many books about this in our future. It's been really like a nightmare and some kind of radical experiment with our democracy. His supporters have never thought about what they should do once the music stops. With most fanatical cult followings, once the leader is gone, things fall apart. But unfortunately, he isn't going to be "gone" gone. I think Trump will start his own news network similar to NRA TV and push crap to his followers that way.
Wow. Sorry to hear all that. My daughter is always the victim. No matter the situation or the cause. Which is usually her doing. Anyway. Go Joe.
He's already said he's going to flee the country, and Russia doesn't extradite.I'm sure he'll still be on social media, bragging and making impotent threats from the other side of the world, and nobody will really care.
Everyone has a threshold and there is no reason to put up with abuse.
Take the win. Nothing gets better overnight metaphorically, and especially literally.
Trump will be gone and people who actually give a sh*t about people will be taking care of things like the virus.  This is a huge win.
I will really enjoy not worrying what department, official or environmental protections are being destroyed (like everyday for the last 4 years).  Change takes time, but there are several executive orders that can be reversed quickly...oh and NO more Stephen Miller...YAY!
After reading this article how is any other word then deplorable appropriate. Hillary Clinton as flawed as a candidate was was ahead of her time with her statement.
This is WHY his cult voted for him. They love all that stuff.
50% of Americans need to be severely humbled,  IMO.
Even if Biden manages to win this thing, I still feel so let down by how close Trump was able to get.
I like how Hillary Clinton says deplorables and it costs her support but Trump mocks disabled reporter and people laugh and he says how stupid is Iowa then wins Iowa
I feel let down that voters in Kentucky and South Carolina returned their complicit asshole Senators to Washington.
Hoooboy...google "liberation theology" and see for yourself.
You can be whatever you want. However if consistency matters to you, you may find yourself at an impasse.I should preface by saying that if you are catholic and pro-choice, you are not catholic. You're something else. This is the realization I had while with the Jesuit school that changed my life trajectory.I personally could not square that gay people are clearly the product of genetics and thus shunning them just doesn't calculate in my head. If God made man then God made gay people thus being gay is OK thus I can no longer believe the thing that says otherwise. So poof, no longer catholic and I left.I was in the training to join the priesthood when Obama announced his candidacy. By the time I voted for him this realization had unpacked itself enough that I was in a full blown crisis by the time he won. I voted for him and knew I did the right thing in doing so but my entire identity was in question since if I wasn't catholic, and I had always been very catholic, then what was I?2 years into his presidency I realized: I just cannot believe any religion. They do not jive with observable reality. God maybe is real. Abortion maybe is wrong. But the Bible is not what decides that.So... Yes. You can be liberal and whatever else. You can be liberal and love guns. But you cannot be pro choice and catholic. It is an unambiguous rule by the literal vessel of gods word, the pope. And similarly if you don't think that the pope is a vessel through which god speaks then you're not catholic. You're a Christian or whatever you like. But not catholic.Catholicism has a rule book, like Monopoly. If you start putting cash on free parking, you're playing a different (albeit similar) game.
I have a good friend who is Catholic and also an extremely educated, intelligent electrical engineer. I asked him once if science versus religion is ever an issue for him.He replied that he often struggles with reconciling his religious beliefs with what science has taught him but that in the end he is able to believe in a god that prefers his morality (versus suppresive bible passages) no matter how it is obtained.He says he's positive the Bible was always interpreted by man (males, not females) in their best interest at the time...and still is today.
I personally disagree with this. I don't think you have to believe every single thing a given religion teaches to identify as a member of that religion. 98% of Catholic women have used birth control for Christsake!OP, if you want to stay in the Church for whatever reason, know that many (if not the majority) of the leity doesn't agree with *100%* of the Churches teachings. Religion is what you make of it.
I would love to have a woman president, but I don't think it'll happen anytime soon. The fact is sexism is a real issue in the US that's rarely talked about. Just look at how they how conservatives attack Nancy Pelosi, AOC, Hillary, or literally any female democrat.
Turnout is higher this year. And, for reasons I've never figured out, a significant chunk of the U.S. actively hates Hillary and would not vote for her under any circumstance. I think I once heard that number at around 40%. I found it pretty shocking.
Well first of all leftists were screaming from the hills that Hillary was a weak candidate in 2016. So it wasn't exactly unexpected. That said it doesn't look like there's going to be all that much of a difference in popular vote margin, so might have been just 'luck of the draw' basically.
Honestly. Like 60-65% of democratic elected officials are men, yet it seems like 70-80% of Republican attacks on Dems target women.
Hillary was one of the most qualified people to ever run for president.
I love seeing TRUMP lose, it's my daily medicine, my weekly energy, my monthly inspiration and my yearly motivation. His loss is the only reason i'm still alive, i was born to love and enjoy the failure that he has achievedcopypasta asides, I'm really confident that we will win, I'm not American tho.
One side wants to remove basic rights and choice from groups they don't like. This side actively shuns science and shuns working together for the health and safety of society.The other side wants to provide basic rights and choice to all regardless of gender, race, religion, and orientation. This side supports science, and supports working together for the health and safety of society.There is no middle ground here and there shouldn't be. The only good outcome is using education and information to help all individuals discern which side is worth supporting. This is unfortunately difficult when one side is also actively against education.
I'm upper middle class and I'm fine with paying taxes. Hell, I'd be fine with paying more taxes if it meant universal health care, better schools, more opportunities for people to advance.I feel like it's part of the social contract. I contribute to society by paying taxes. I also reap the benefits of living in a prosperous country. It's just a matter of thinking of more than just yourself. The whole "fuck you, I've got mine" attitude will be the downfall of the country.
This is why democrats lose. Stupid shit like this turns people away form our good ideas
What land has not been stolen from some indigenous people?
In this fictional world, can you do illegal things in a stolen land?
Came here to say this.  I mean, those poor Neanderthals got the whole damn world stolen from them.  Are we all illegal?  Well . . .
Come here legally and want to assimilate into this country, no one has a problem with that type of immigration. BUT come over here illegally and tell us our lives need to change to better their lives here, that's where the issue will arise from. Also politicians favoring people that came here illegally over citizens will cause problems. Does that make sense? I really want to understand or at least see where the bleeding heart liberal viewpoint is coming from. Am I the asshole for believing oneself should be the one taking care of yourself?
Well, hold on. A lot of those folks are just trying to do the best they can for themselves and their families and have been dealt a bad hand. And there are entire industries that depend on undocumented labor. Employers who need workers and workers who need employers having to break the law to find each other is a symptom of bad lawsIf we had good immigration and economic policies it would not create the need and incentive for folks to break the law. But no one can do better than the best they can with what they have, and when laws are bad sometimes people have to break them for themselves and their families
Having strong border security and having easier, more inclusive paths to legal immigration are not mutually exclusive. Easier immigration will reap so many more pros than cons, double meaning there.
I already have a few bottles of red lined up for Tuesday night. I know we will probably not know the pres race that night, but seeing the Senate fall to the blue would be a win no matter. Here's to hope.
>Are we that lacking in education? How do we have such a severe critical thinking problem?Yes. Completely by design. In addition to [this list](https://spy.com/articles/gadgets/video-media/best-political-books-anti-intellectualism-america-amazon-109364/) I would add [*Manufacturing Consent*](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Manufacturing_Consent) as explanatory texts
I am surprised and saddened about just how much this election has me on edge.    I have been through many election nights which were tense but none with that sense of dread days before.Historically rhe candidates were not so polar opposite.  This election though a vote for Trump really is a vote for hatred.   In 2016 Trump supporters saw a candidate without political baggage and wanted to give him a shot and hope for the best.   I get that.   Now 4 years later we see what he broughtnto the table and it is a steaming pile of shit.   So now voters voting for Trump are not voting on hope,  but voting that they want more of his steaming pile of shit.  It makes me feel like we are all lesser people for this.   This election is going to divide us more because the Trumpers are proud of their shit eating and they can't wait to give us more of it.    If you look at Trump in 2020 and come to the conclusion that is the future you want for yourself and for your society then I don't know how we progress from there. Tuesday night is going to be tense.   Because this election sets the tone not just of the presidency, but of the people that make up this nation.  I want to believe more us are not shit eaters but I am preparing myself to see that we are.
It should be 538 to nothing.
What's really bad is what I'm living with. Almost every single friend that I grew up with is a Trump supporter. Almost every single family member I have is a Trump supporter. Thank God not all, but it is really disheartening. I cannot understand it because it seems so obvious to me that he is the absolute worst president of all time and will end up costing them what they believe in if he gets the power that he wants.
Yeah, I feel sick to my stomach. It's so horrifying, isn't it? This slow rot had been creeping in right under our noses for years. All I know is I will never take my civic responsibilities for granted again. A democracy relies on its people to preserve it.
I feel at the moment and for the last 3 years it's been hard to gauge how many people in the US are actual disgusting die hard Trump supporters.I say this because I understand so many Republicans voted for him in 2016 for their particular conservative reasons and not because they actually like the guy.But THIS election will show us exactly how many crazy fuckers there are in the US.I truly believe many many Republicans who voted for him will not do so this time now that they've seen how he is.So I'm very anxious and curious to see what the popular vote is this time so I know for real what kind of country I live in.
The internet has everyone so far up their own butts that they actually think that "voting trump to own the libs" is a worthy endeavor, like it's just something they can sit back and watch, without real-world consequences that will affect them.They're cheering for a fat orange bully like it's a football game and their side is cheating like hell, but they can all go home safe and sound and the game stays in the stadium.They're wrong.
Trumpism is a cult. Trumpets are cult members. They need to be deprogrammed just like scientologists.
I'm hoping the media just doesn't want to fall into the same trap as 2016.  I hope they are saying toss up because they don't want people to fall complacent.
Tuesday is the day we start putting things right.  I have to be optimistic.
America is not immune to propaganda.Given the lowering standards of public education and lack of critical thinking skills honed by religious belief PLUS a huge television and newspaper propaganda network funded by billionaires, it should come as no surprise that America is at this point.  That facebook and other social media have added their micro-targeting, behavioral-modification and hugely addictive mind control technology to the pile is just the icing on the cake.
Trump supporters are uneducated idiots that keep voting for Trump due to their love for racism, that's why.
I mean we will probably have a pretty general idea by that night, so I approve of your preparation plans! I will be doing the same. Cheers and hopefully happy tears only.
Dude, yes. Thank you so much! I'm excited to read about this problem at its root.
Seriously, dude. I want to have a "we have it in the bag" attitude, but I just don't know. This guy is beyond fucking corrupt. If he wins the electoral college, it's all fair! If he loses, it's corrupt and he won't accept the results! How is anyone okay with this sort of dialogue? This is some seriously fascist behavior and I can't believe people have been so tricked by him and his propaganda machines. The republican party is literally becoming everything they supposedly fear and it's all being taken right under their nose.
It completely blows me away that his supporters are so rabid when it comes to defending that vile POS. It's sad what I see in this country, and I just hope this nightmare ends after Tuesday.
I cannot undertstand how they still support him. How do they not realise what he's doing, do they deny the evidence of their senses? 1984 was right, you don't need to float off the ground, you just need everyone to think you are.
EXACTLY. How did it even get to this point? We have some serious reflecting to do as a country.
Don't feel too bad. Many people just end becoming what they're around. I'm proud of you for doing your homework and forming a different and educated opinion from what you were used to seeing. Conversations are important too! You will learn that most Trump Supporters justify backing him with hot air; a lot of repetitive talking points, regurgitated dialogue, things that are patently false, conspiracy theories, etc. At least that's something I've definitely noticed every time I speak with a Trumpet.
Thank you for choosing country over party this year.
Dude, his handling of the pandemic was HORRENDOUS. He literally got covid. The guy that was supposed to be in charge of the virus and has more resources than ANYONE to stay safe from the virus, got the fucking virus. -_- That is some serious baffoon shit.
Beautifully put. Couldn't agree more. Cheers to freedom and may she never leave us.
No kidding - been feeling sick to my stomach for 4 years. This needs to be over. Can't wait for Wednesday and hoping for an unequivocal outcome.
Yeah, that's a good point. I was listening to the news the other day and they stated that we should fear the "shy" Trump supporter that is never taken into account. But then, someone argued that by the same coin we have to take into account the shy Trump opposer. Republicans and conservatives that are quiet about their opposition to Trump. It was really interesting. Or people that didn't go out and vote the first time because they didn't think he can win. I think a lot of people want this guy out.
The very states that support him the MOST are generally lower income states too. Somebody please make it make sense. This man does not give one fuck about you and never has. He would never cross your path, nor ever need to. He is a rich, white dude from New York with daddy's money. You are stanning a trust fund, corrupt, Park Ave. thief. So embarrassing.
He is definitely racist and I think he encouraged racism as well.
Yes. The fact that he even has a fighting chance is such a big red flag for this country. It shows that they really ate up his shitty rhetoric and obvious propaganda. Such a damn shame.
Epic rant, dude. I enjoyed reading. But, see. I don't even hate those states. I actually still think they DESERVE better, but they constantly vote against their own interests because they correlate "MURICA" with "Republican" and nothing can be further from the truth. Haha. I love all citizens and want better for them, but can they say the same about me? A metropolitan, multi-cultural student? Why are they so angry?? Lol.
Chances are I would not, unless I felt Ted Cruz had a real chance of ruining us permanently. I do not like when people speak poorly of anyone. Its a big sign of weakness to me and it is often a projection. If Trump carried himself the same way he does now, but was "Democrat" I would not vote for him. He is a trash human being lol.
That reason being there are a lot of stupid and/or racist people to vote for him. It's really not a very close race as of now though.
>I mean we will probably have a pretty general idea by that nightAs of yesterday it was Biden's game with a 96% chance of winning and 38% chance of a landslide victory.Of course, that's if every American gets to vote and all those votes get counted. Drumpf has been suing multiple states to stop counting ballots and it's not even Election Day.
Question is how to solve it. I'm not American but this anti intellectualism is starting to effect the rest of the western world too.Other than educating the youth and waiting for the old generations to just die.. I honestly don't know how to deal with this anymore.
I would like to second the recommendation of Chomsky's Manufacturing Consent. It was appalling.
There are currently dozens of articles outlining all the legal shenanigans his attorneys already have pre-loaded for when he loses. Everything from challenging each state's ballot total to flat-out ordering each governor to decertify the ballots and appoint all hand-picked GOP electors to vote for him.Almost none of it has any serious legal traction, but it would tie the election up in the courts for a long time. That's all he wants - the spotlight, for as long as possible.
Not only that, but he got covid, everyone around him is getting covid, they know how serious it is and still they were more concerned with getting the Scotus seat filled rather than get another stimulus package rolling. The fact that when I bring this up to Trumpers and they tell me that the vacant seat is more important...... With complete lack of humanity.
I just want some type of normalcy in our politics again. Remember when Obama wore a tan suit and that's about as controversial as it ever got? I miss those days. Ready for an efficient, respected and quiet presidency.
Stupid people are easily frightened and will vote for anyone even pretending to be a strongman. That's why drumpf made a [valiant effort to abolish the Department of Education ENTIRELY.](https://www.npr.org/sections/ed/2017/02/09/514148945/about-that-bill-abolishing-the-department-of-education)It failed, of course, but you see the contempt these low-information assholes have for education and those who indulge in it.
Trump is always a racist pig. He'd emboldened a lot of racist people to come out of the woodwork & had constantly spread racism, misogyny, fascism & bigotry on every angle. Plus he incites violence against minorities like myself who aren't Caucasian males. I swear, if the people of this country lets this clown have another term, then America deserves to lose the small amount of respect that it has left.
Sigh. He sucks so bad even he knows it.
Agreed. Biden is likely to win on his own merits but whether the Trump supreme court and Justice department is going to allow him to win is anyone's guess.
In 2016 41% of white males under 40 voted for trump.   The majority of older white women, 63% ,voted for Hillary Clinton.  Go look at the photos from the Charlottesville marchers.  Those are young white men you are looking at.    It is not old folks that ushered in trump, it was men.  The majority of white men of all ages voted trump.  The opposite was true for women.  It is neither correct or helpful to blame  all older people for trump, and wanting them to die off won't work.
Can't wait to be appalled. Definitely buying now.
I can see Electors going against the local State vote, in Conservative States, to vote for him. It's possible that he loses the electoral college, and popular vote, and yet due to electoral college shenanigan's still wins "in accordance with the system established by the Founding Fathers." It would be a true nightmare scenario. Most likely what we'll see is that if he's ahead on Election day, he'll declare victory and then go to SCOTUS to name him victor. Best case for the Republic is him not being ahead on Election day.
His campaign is built on hate and dommination. He isn't even conservative, he's just anti-progressive.
Exactly. Say it louder for the undecideds in the back! :)
My point exactly! Like, y'all call yourselves "conservative" but he is the literal antithesis of conservative. 3 marriages, 3 baby mama's, sex scandals up the wazoo, Russian money, porn star payouts, rich, from New York, was pro choice until he needed to pander?? Like, Jesus Christ man. Can't you see the con-man conning!?
He's already talking about fleeing the country when Biden wins.
Mostly anti-Obama. He's been systematically trying to pick away literally everything Obama did, even the things that were 100% great for America, made people happier, reduced taxes and lowered the deficit. Drumpf and his drumpflings didn't care, they just wanted to erase every scrap of Obama's legacy, even the stuff that they'd been DEMANDING back in the 80s (like the Individual Mandate for health insurance).He even BRAGGED about having defeated Obama in the last election, when Obama wasn't even running. What the fuck man?
They show Trump having a 10-11% chance of winning. Considering the downside of what happens if he's re-elected, I think it makes sense to feel like the outcome rests on a knife's edge. It's insane that he even has a 10% chance.
I'd rather see him in prison, desperately filing lawsuits but not having Congress in his pocket anymore.
He forgets no country wants us there because of covid.  I would love to see him watch Ivanka and the boys get taken away in handcuffs. That might mean something to him.    But at this point, I don't care how he goes, just so he goes.  If Biden decides to "look forwards not back" like Obama did I will be livid.  We need justice.  I have my old boom box ready to put out on my porch.  If Joe Biden wins I am playing the national anthem at full volume for my neighbors.
Seniors have very good reason to be concerned about healthcare and pre-existing conditions.
Never count on Florida, land of Jeb Bush and hanging chads.
Vote like your childrens lives depend on the right outcome.
I believe there is a "I'm voting for Trump but am too embarrassed to admit it to a pollster" contingent, and I would not be at all surprised if it was 5-7%.  Count no chickens until Nov 7, and even if you're in a safe state or a hopeless state, vote.
This is fantastic news! Also:#VOTE
Always vote like you are half a point behind
The polls also said Hillary was leading and look what happened. Ignore the polls. Vote anyway.
Vote like Biden is down by 20 on the polls
Bullshit. I trust no polls, EVERYONE needs to go and vote.  Trump Supporter, Biden supporter, or any other political candidate: VOTE  Red state, blue state, or anything in between: VOTEIf you haven't voted by mail already, go on election day and VOTE.  Vote like this is the last time you'll be able, because it very well might be.
I think more boomers have figured out that their parents fought and died fighting against fascism overseas, so they should stop supporting it here. Disclaimer: Am (embarassed) boomer.
Trump has stated that he will end Social Security if re-elected. Pay attention, seniors of FL and AZ.
THIS!There's nothing more distasteful and off-putting than the talking heads with their charts and graphs and poll surveys calling the scores like this is the Kentucky Derby.
Because, literally, their lives do depend on the right outcome.
Yes, please vote for my future!
I think most of the Trump voters remaining at this point are stupid enough to be proud of it.
Isn't Social Security considered the "third rail of politics"? That's a pretty politically suicidal statement on his part.
I'd argue that a lot of dems maintain a margin of error hypothesis along these lines to avoid becoming complacent when the polls show an notable advantage, like was seen for a while in 2016.Between the possibility of another surprising Trump base turnout and the threat of a de-legitimized/contested election with many biased state governments and supreme court, and given current POTUS isn't someone who has acknowledged he would just concede on a loss, Democrats really want to get the vote out in strength this time.
It is, but Trump is a profoundly stupid person.
So was appointing radical partisan judges - the times they are a'changin'.
To be fair, he didn't outright say he'd end SS, but rather that he's going to try to end the payroll taxes that fund SS. The end result is the same, but spinning it as "cutting taxes" makes him able to sell it to his base.
This is profoundly ignorant and only thinking of yourself. My mom lives on the tiny bit of social security that she gets. She is almost 70 and has worked since she was 15. She "retired" because she had COVID and has long lasting effects. &#x200B;So, no...your fuck em attitude doesnt sit well.
Also, I think Trump supporters feel they are losing. So there are becoming more brazen and out there, just like Trump. In Tampa yesterday, they were horrific to some Biden sign wavers. They are pure trash.
I'm going to assume you meant 'radical' as in 'awesome'.  Because to think that someone with the username u/Legalize420inFL wouldn't have a positive opinion of RBG is just not something I can get my head wrapped around.
How about make it where you will get a pay out? How about looking to the government to do it's job rather than turning on each other and other generations, pointing the finger, and saying it's not fair to us. It's not fair to ANY of us if it gets dismantled. I am only just out of my 20s and have paid into it. So I hold the government responsible and they SHOULD PAY what we are putting in. Period. &#x200B;I'm not coming for you, whoever you are, I am just saying that we have to work together and think outside our bubble and hold our government accountable. Lofty, I know.
In a sweet taste of irony, according to Nate Silver, after all this nonsense Republicans may very well end up suppressing their own vote this year.https://twitter.com/natesilver538/status/1322237462576582657/In all seriousness though, what you're mentioning sounds like voter intimidation which is illegal. Just advocate to get out the vote and fight voter suppression instead.
Disenfranchisement of anyone is a blow to democracy. Your frustration is warranted but voter suppression is not.
It's interesting, when comparing the educational level of counties to voting habits you see a very similar pattern.  It's not 100% in line, but very close -- I'd say by 90% or more.  Counties where the population is more educated tend to lean more Left/Liberal while those with less education tend to lean more Right/Conservative.  Exception gets into counties that are predominantly minority these do tend to have lower education yet lean Left.  Not trying to get political here, anyone can pull up the maps and see this.  So yeah when comparing wages to voting habits this is greatly in line with education.
"Trump Willfully Screws His Own Supporters" is how Im reading this
Well, they elected a man who kept declaring bankruptcy rather than paying his contruction workers, so what do they expect?
More like "Trump Supporters Screw Over Themselves By Voting Against Own Interests."
I wouldn't say the flag is racist, however plenty of people that use the flag are racist. I find peoples use of the flag very ironic considering they don't wish to be tread upon yet have no problem treading on others.
it's like pepe, it wasn't ever racist, but got taken by the far right and racists.
The flag is not racist. It's just that racist people use it as a rally symbol to justify their shitty behavior. It's a concept that's been coopted to give idiots a pass because "mUh FrEe sPeEcH".   If you'd like it not to be perceived that way I recommend taking it up with the racists who use it as a suit of armor with which to hide their bad personality.
Yep, this is it.  The Gadsden Flag served as a "warning" to the British Crown that stomping on the Colonies might not be a great idea.But now it's a favorite of people who tend to be white nationalists.Shame...  It's kind of a cool flag and part of our history.  But now it's just a flashing neon sign:  "Racist Detected."
Exactly, just like the Confederate and nazi flags. Only douchebags fly them. Oh and maga hats
Well, it will, but we may not like the outcome.
Does anyone question why Kennedy retired from the court?
It was clear all along that Kennedy made a deal that he'd retire if Trump chose Kavanaugh who would help make sure none of his loan or tax info ever got released. Kavanaugh should be impeached and removed. Kennedy should be in prison.
I thought that's why he quit the court...
We did at the time but 50 million other illegal things have happened since then
Yes...I question it. I have nothing to base anything on, but it wouldn't surprise me if Trump blackmailed Justice Kennedy into retiring. It's how Trump operates.
They are definitely a couple of sociopaths. The way they did it is pretty ruthless.
About a month ago, the woman that owns the 711 near my house asked a bearded gentleman if he had a mask he could put on. This woman has her 90 year old mother living with her, an autistic grandson and has diabetes herself. She is so nice and just a lovely person to speak with. Since the beginning of the pandemic, I've tried to do some of my shopping at her store because she almost went out of business. So this gentleman ignores her and continued to walk into the store. So she approached him and asked where his mask was again. This guy flew into a rage. Turned over a display with chips on it, broke the display with his foot, and then smashed a metal hand sanitizer stand, spilling sanitizer everywhere. The threw it across the floor and ran out. Squealed tires our of the parking lot.So.....WTF is wrong with these people. It's a maskWe're not asking you to kill a kitten or chop off your arm. Do these people react this way when they have to stand in line for something? No one wants to stand in line, but that's how an organized society functions.
What the fuck is wrong with people.
some people already feel so out of control of their own lives that they view the mask mandate as a single tangible object further taking control of the one thing they view that they still have control over, their own bodies, and proceed to aggress against
These people would probably be fine killing kittens and chopping off peoples arms sadly.
I feel like this actually sums up those people really well. It's kind of sad that people do feel that way.
Your hypothetical outrage has been noted and discarded.
I think you are confused as to what "Karen" means, any person who dare use "Karen" to refer to a sociopath is either very lost in what it actually represents or is baiting.
