Alaska's republican majority leader lost his house seat by a dozen votes. The winner, Liz Snyder defeated Lance Pruitt, confirmed by a recount. Keeps the idiots from being in charge.  But we still have the worst and most incompetent Governor.
Ohio: Articles of Impeachment were filed against Governor DeWine by members of his own party (Republican). They stated he violated state and federal laws by requiring masks and ordering some businesses closed at the beginning of the pandemic.
Pennsylvania -- Gov. Wolf has until 9am Tuesday to give Justice Alito counter argument for Mike Kelly's case against mail in voting.
Oklahoma Governor Kevin Stitt called for a statewide day of prayer and fasting to help get rid of covid.  I wish I was joking.  We are so fucked.  https://twitter.com/GovStitt/status/1334525864646729730?s=20
COVID is getting worse and worse and the Gregg Abbott keeps insisting that there will be no lockdown of any kind. Even the pathetic rules they put out are easily avoidable like Bars just running as restaurants to avoid the limitations.Even Trumps White House is coming down on Gregg Abbott.
In great news for the Virginia Dems, state Senator Amanda Chase announced she'll be running for governor in 2021 as an independent.  Thereby massively splitting the conservative vote.  [Here's a good article about it](https://www.virginiamercury.com/2020/12/05/chase-threatens-to-run-as-independent-for-governor-as-va-gop-opts-for-convention-over-primary/).
California:[Most of the state is going into further lockdown due to rapidly dropping ICU capacity/availability](https://www.washingtonpost.com/nation/2020/12/05/california-stay-at-home-orders/?utm_source=reddit.com)[Our AG is Biden's pick to lead HHS](https://www.nytimes.com/2020/12/06/us/politics/xavier-becerra-hhs-health-secretary.html)
[The CEO of one of our major hospitals held an in person fundraiser for our governor](https://mississippitoday.org/2020/12/04/ceo-of-major-mississippi-hospital-hosts-in-person-fundraiser-for-gov-tate-reeves/)He has 3 years before he's up for reelection.
Arizona: Our governor is giving the restaurants money so they can buy space heaters for more outdoor dining (cause that will solve everything). Oh and Rudy Giuliani has exposed several members of our GOP legislature to COVID compliments of his visit last week.....especially since he and most of the GOP members he met with didn't wear masks during these exchanges.
Oklahoma: Our governor, Kevin Stitt, removed yet another school board official who wanted to investigate the private charter school EPIC.  Epic donated a large sum of money to Stitts campaign and Epic has been accused of misusing covid funds.That school board member has been replaced with an anti vaccer who believes the covid vaccine is going to be used by Bill gates to implant microchips in all of us.
In TN, we don't have a state mask mandate, but we do have mobile morgues, 2.8% ICU capacity remaining on my side of the state, and national guard in hospitals.
Not much to report on here in the Beaver State, as we're all kinda just hunkering down to wait out the wet and cold of winter.Several medical professionals have either been suspended or had their medical licenses revoked over Covid-hoax or anti-vaxx public statements.  One is [a doctor from the small town of Dallas,](https://www.nbcnews.com/news/us-news/oregon-doctor-s-license-revoked-over-refusal-wear-mask-during-n1250092) one is [a pediatrician in Portland,](https://www.wweek.com/news/state/2020/12/05/prominent-anti-vaccine-pediatrician-dr-paul-thomas-has-license-suspended-by-the-oregon-medical-board/) and another is [a nurse in Salem.](https://www.cnn.com/2020/11/30/us/tik-tok-nurse-viral-salem-hospital-trnd/index.html)  It's nice to see that our medical board is clamping down on this kind of nonsense.The city of Gresham (a suburb of Portland) elected their first ever black mayor [by a margin of just 13 votes.](https://www.wweek.com/news/2020/12/04/after-election-recount-travis-stovall-is-greshams-next-mayor/)  Such a slim margin demanded a recount, but the recount came back with the exact same number.  Mayor-elect Travis Stovall inherits a city with a $13 million deficit and issues stemming from the racial and social justice protests that have been going on in Portland since the death of George Floyd.The Oregon Department of Transportation's plan to put toll booths on a section of Interstate 205 (a major bypass around the core of downtown Portland) [has met with a lot of public resistance.](https://www.koin.com/news/oregon/odot-strong-opposition-from-public-on-i-205-tolling/)  Tolling is not a thing in Oregon, much like pumping your own gas or sales taxes.  While the proposal is still moving forward with legislative support, local opposition is increasing as people complain about what as seen as both an inconvenience to locals and a problem for alternative routes that will see massively increased traffic.And on the lighter side, [Darcelle XV, the oldest drag show on the west coast, has been added to the National Register of Historic Places.](https://www.wweek.com/arts/2020/11/30/portland-club-darcelle-xv-has-been-added-to-the-national-register-of-historic-places/)  Since it's opening in 1967, Darcelle's has been one of Portland's iconic "must see" venues for tourists and locals.  Walter Cole, Darcelle himself, is now the world's oldest drag queen having turned 90 last month, and is still doing shows (though massively limited due to Covid restrictions).  Being added to the register protects Darcelle's from development and also gives them access to grants and tax reductions, which will help keep the place afloat until the Covid crisis is over.
I can't remember if it was last week or the week before (time isn't real anyway, right?) but we went back into Phase 2. Locals are saying they believe the governor, John Bel Edwards, is trying to shut down the state economy and Biden is trying shut down the country to weaken or destroy our economy.
>	But we still have the worst and most incompetent Governor.Keeping the tradition alive.
Being from Florida I beg to differ. Our governor is the worst.
>worst and most incompetent Governor.DeSantis would like a word
If he was impeached, who would replace him? Lieutenant Gov?
Wouldn't the argument be that PA residents voted in good faith? It was the law at the time. Genuinely curious.
I've been keeping an eye on this one. From what I read, the deadline was originally on the 9th, but it was moved up because of the Safe Harbor deadline.From what I understand, if Mike Kelly wins, Pennsylvania's legislature will consist of one half of the Senate.
She is VERY conservative. The Family Foundation of Virginia (who are concerned with "principles of life, marriage, parental authority, constitutional government and religious liberty.") gave her an A+ rating for 2020. NARAL Pro-choice VA gave her a D.  She has a 100% pro-gun score from VA citizens defense league. And an F from the VA Sierra club.I love how easy it is to find this kind of info these days. I had no idea who she was and 20min of reading told me a huge amount about her voting record, campaign, and controversy.
I read this as "in prison" fundraiser and was very disappointed when I read the article
Where in Tennessee are you? Luckily I'm in Memphis and Shelby county is reliably blue so we've had a mask mandate for months now. Our ICU capacity in the city is just as fucked as yours is though, I can't imagine how bad it would be if we didn't have all the covid restrictions in place here. being a tri-state area sucks when Mississippi and Arkansas won't get their shit together and make anyone wear masks or close down their fucking bars.
Iowa is one of the states that has an independent, non-partisan committee that establishes the lines after each census.
Meet you in the  middle.  Give FL worst governor and AK gets most incompetent.
I'm sorry. Hard to say whether the Governor's worse or [Voldemort's worse](https://floridapolitics.com/archives/382083-rick-scott-stands-by-donald-trumps-efforts-to-find-votes-in-battleground-states).
Hi, Illinois resident here. In the past 50 years, 4 of our governors were impeached and jailed.  The lieutenant governor replaced each impeached governor every time.
Yeah, he's saying that the mail in vote was passed unconstitutionally in PA. PA Supreme Court said no, it wasn't.  So now he wants SCOTUS to decide on PA constitutionality.I don't think it'll work, but it still pisses me off.
Yeah, he wants to disenfranchise every mail in vote.  The state supreme court already told him that his solution was extreme, and that even if he was right, they wouldn't take away the votes.It's bullshit.
Thanks, most people seem pretty satisfied with what the local Dems have done since they got a government trifecta this year.
I'm in Knoxville. We do have a mask mandate here, but our sheriff said he won't enforce it because it's unconstitutional (???). The big problem in TN I think is that so many rural hospitals have closed because of lack of funding because they didn't expand medicaid, so all the rural areas have to come to the cities to use the hospitals meant for the cities. Why does this state not realize republicans are ruining their lives
>Kate BrownI hear ya on Brown. She stood by and basically did nothing while [unidentified goon squads driving Enterprise Rent-a-Cars forcibly kidnapped Oregonians walking on public streets](https://www.opb.org/news/article/federal-law-enforcement-unmarked-vehicles-portland-protesters/). Philly had a [much more appropriate law-and-order response](https://www.usnews.com/news/best-states/oregon/articles/2020-07-21/philly-da-warns-of-charges-if-federal-agents-commit-crimes). Zero tolerance!
Because this state is racist. And they vote exclusively based on that, and their stance on abortion. nobody here cares if the Republicans are ruining their lives, as long as brown people don't have a voice and they get to keep protesting planned Parenthood.
Y'all still got nothing on Sam Brownback.  When people say "what the matter with Kansas" .... apparently the answer is "not Brownback".
Nice outline of their tactics too.1. Make grand claims of mass fraud to the press.2. Change fraud assertions to speculative claims when in court.3. Switch back to fraud claims when out of court.**Because they can't prove (or even CLAIM) it.**
If they're not disbarred, then the legal profession should not be allowed to regulate themselves.
Enough of Rudys body already.In the last month Rudy has been rearranging himself in a hotel room with a young lady; his hair dye failed a sweat test; he's dropped a bombshell in the courtroom; and now, inevitably, he's got coronavirus.Rudy's convalescence will give us all a much needed break from the unpleasant familiarity with his body, we've had imposed on us.
What does sanction mean in a practical sense?
Remember when the GOP was warning everyone about the danger of "Frivolous Lawsuits?"
Gee I wonder why there is no mention of this over at /r/conservative?You would think all the MAGA law experts over there would be discussing this.
I have been calling for it myself, and I'm not a lawyer.
The face of Rudy before he farted
Trying to explain to your children that Rudy Giuliani was once an honorable man is like trying to explain to someone that OJ Simpson was once a football player
Took long enough for this to happen.
While we're at it, can we dismantle Scientology for doing the exact same thing?
I guess it's up to the Bar Association to decide whether they want to take their own branch seriously or have their time and their lives put on the line to be used like puppets by traitors.
How about losing their license to practice?  Doesn't sound like anyone is afraid of sanctions.
The legal profession shouldn't be able to regulate themselves period.
Legal profession absolutely should not be allowed to regulate itself. But either way Giuliani isn't going to be disbarred, sanctioned at most. Very few attorneys are disbarred, and it's for very specific types of offenders usually (outright fraud, acting against the interests of a client, serious felonies). Frivolous lawsuits have never been grounds for disbarment to my knowledge... maybe they should be, but at least here there's no way Rudy will be disbarred.Best we can hope for is court sanctions.
Yes. The party, with help from the Koch's ALEC sponsored lobbying, also aims to be harsher on protesting by increasing fines, jail time, and general making it harder for people to stand up against corporate hegemony. At least one proposal included the "permission" to shoot them. The sociopaths running the country and raking the money see profits as more important than human lives. We should be doing more to change that viewpoint and break the cycle of the symbiotic relationship, quid pro quo, that they have with one another. It's pretty why everything else that sucks in the U.S. is also worse here than elsewhere - healthcare, education, corruption, violence...
Not sure if you've seen the pics, but even his shoes are an affront to decency.
I heard Giuliani had some solid backfire
But they have "affidavits" n' stuff.
Seriously. I knows they choose these photos intentionally, but good god what a ghoulish creature that man is.
That wasn't a fart.  It was a Covid ass cough.
Nothing has actually happened yet, other than some people speaking out. Wait to see if strong action is actually taken. I'm not holding my breath...
same goes for the police force.Edit. Thank you for the awards!
Completely. It shouldn't be allowed, Full Stop
No profession should be allowed to regulate itself. Because far too often, "We've investigated ourselves and found no wrong doing", happens. Imagine if that's how laws worked for everyone. Oh no officer, it wasn't a kilo of coke. I tested it myself. It was sugar.
Allowing these guys to regulate themselves is like putting an arsonist in charge of the fireworks store.
It's one thing for a lawsuit to be frivolous. It's another to attempt a coup, thru the courts, with zero real evidence and make a mockery of the most important thing that makes this a free country and not some tin pot 3rd world dictatorship. The press briefings are dangerous. There are people who will watch these things and possibly use violence for their goal. There are people who might see someone that was called a fraud, liar, helped Biden win illegally that someone confronts and tries to hurt. This is much bigger than I slipped and fell and I'm going to go to court and show why it's your fault and not because I was wearing 8 inch heals on a snowy cold day.
Yup. If Republicans accuse someone of doing something, take a good look at that Republicans past. Youre guaranteed to find it.
Wow. I had missed this. Good shout.["If Frankensteins monster was a shoe"](https://mobile.twitter.com/netw3rk/status/1329627906008485891)
He looks like an amalgamation of all the dubious slime that came out of the jacuzzi filter at a swingers hotel, sculpted poorly into a vaguely human form.
As a lawyer, I 100% agree. It's foolish that lawyers are allowed to write the rules for ourselves with no objective oversight.
Even better is that at the local level, the local bar "investigated" an attorney and then goes out to dinner with the subject of said investigation. It's a total joke. Ditto the local judges. It's eye-opening to see the amount of shit that people get away with because they know the judge.
Exactly, who do they think they are, congress?
When Rudy heard Trump only wanted incompetent people on his legal team, he thought he meant incontinent.
Well, they need some good old fashioned oversight! Maybe a ... congress, of some sort!
If we're a third world country, then you failed your promise of making America "Great" Again.
Hey Trump supporters, I thought America was great?Apparently, cuz we won't give the toddler his way, we're a shithole country now?Trump and his supporters hate America. Trump says so.
Trump is just 1 out of 4 - he won the electoral vote once and lost once & lost the popular vote both times. I rate his claim false.
He should complain to the President of the United States about how poorly it's being run.
Someone needs to remind me...Who was in charge of this third world country for the last 4 years?Honestly, if I tried to avoid accountability like this in my RL job, I'd be fired.
The fact that so many people still show psychotic levels of loyalty to this pathetic worm shows how broken our country is right now.
If he "doesn't like it here, he should just leave."Like what most Republicans say to people who criticize the US.
Think of how hard our poll workers and government officials worked on this election and this motherfucker is spitting in their faces.Send him to jail.
Imagine a Democrat doing this and also saying that about America. You couldn't get Republicans to line up quick enough to impeach that person.Instead, they're all quiet because they're afraid of a tweet from dipshit Donald.
"Re-elect me because I made this country great again, also it's a third-world shithole because it didn't vote for me."
Trump is actually 1-2.  He ran in 2000, and then pulled out of the race.
I love his phrase "they got caught."  The democrats got caught spying on him.  Ok, why aren't hey in jail?  Hilary got caught.  Ok, same question.  They got caught cheating in the election, but you don't have a shred of evidence.  If someone got caught it's because evidence of that was found by someone.  Where is the evidence mother fucker?
First world means aligned with US/Western interests.Second world means aligned with Russian/Soviet interests.Third world means unaligned with either.Under Trump,  the US is a second world country.
Amazing how we can go from being the number 1 greatest, possibly ever, to third world country at the speed of crybabybackbitch
We were about to be a third world country and American voters saved our ass last month.
Boy, you can tell he really loves America
2016 America is a shit hole2020 America is a 3rd world country.Such patriotism
TIL Trump is the current President of a third world country.
Why doesn't Trump offer $1Million and a pardon for anyone that can provide evidence that they officially participated in Democratic party organized election fraud against him?There must literally be thousands of people keeping their involvement in this unmitigated fraud a secret thus far, and surely some of them would eagerly spill the beans for a $1Million.
He only eat the bestest, sourist, grapes
Can't he even honor some dude with the medal of freedom without making it about himself?
He had 4 years and a completely Republican Congress for 2 of them, and they passed exactly ZERO election security bills."I don't take responsibility at all." - the truest thing he's ever said.
Broke: Calling america a 3rd world country because of medical expenses and lack of medical/family leave and PTO compared to the rest of the developed worldWoke: Calling america a 3rd world country because you lost an election
He's right -- we are like a third world country.  Didn't he call them 'shit-holes'?For example, there are some third world countries near the top of the list of 'most Covid deaths':4) Mexico  3) India  2) BrazilGuess who's #1?
He's made himself King Orange Turd of the Banana Republic and now he complains.  Fucker is never going to be happy.
>like a third world countryThe term "Third World" arose during the Cold War to define countries that remained non-aligned with either NATO or the Warsaw Pact.Finland, Sweden, Ireland, and Switzerland say fuck you.
Well, we were doing just fine till 2016
It is literally (literally, literally) impossible for America to be a third would country, because the term was explicitly coined to describe nonaligned developing powers during the Cold War. I.e. neither us nor our allies, nor the Soviets and their sphere of influence. So no matter what happens to us we're still by definition part of the "first world."It does not even surprise me in the slightest that Trump doesn't even have the minimum tenuous grasp on world history and events (that I learned in middle school, for fuck's sake) that would enable him to understand this.Lately the term has been popularly corrupted to mean basically, "anywhere else the world we think might maybe be some kind of shithole that we don't like," but even then the "anywhere else" part is kind of important.
What did you mean? Making America a third world country is what MAGA means.
What did you expect from a man who could not run a lemonade stand without ending up with $3 million of debt and filing for bankruptcy.
There are children and adults packed in there w/ no masks on :( https://twitter.com/jiveDurkey/status/1336015574879571973 https://twitter.com/jeffmason1/status/1336003114168688642
He only had the senate for 4 years, the House for 2 years, the supreme court for 4 years, and the executive branch for 4  years.The "I alone can fix it" "I hire only the best people" "I'm the best at negotiations" candidate might just be full of it.
Look, he takes full responsibility, but it's not his fault!
Yep... weren't a third world country before him.....Also note.. he is using that gibberish about "big things" coming out in weeks. You mean like your healthcare plan that is always "2 weeks" away?
America is a third world country with an iphone and gucci bag
make america great again again like it was great again for a bit because i made it great but the deep state made it bad again so lets make it greater again but like the first time not like now again.soMAGAABIWGAFABBIMIGBTDSMIBASLMIGABLTFTNLNA
>If we're a third world country,That makes us a "shithole" in his language.
But kneeling for the anthem is the real insult to America and our values!! ^^/s
Trump dug America into a giant hole and then he shit all over us.Ergo, we are now a shithole country. Makes sense.
Dear Republicans:Love it or leave it.
Trump In prison and the phrase "who put the dic in dictator" seem to go together
Does a failed primary run count? If so, then he'd actually have another loss from 2000. I'd have to assume at least a single person wrote him in, like Trump himself
Judge to Trump Campaign:  "OK you're here.  So what about all these thousands of votes due to glitches and ballots coming from somewhere?"  Trump Campaign Lawyers:  "What?  Ah don't know what you mean... we were just hoping you could... you know... throw out some of these ballots that were cast for the other guy?"  Judge:  "Fucking dismissed."  Lawyers: "Objection!  We can't leave this courtroom until someone validates our parking!"
He spends all his time in Florida and thinks he lives in a 3rd world country.Sorry Florida, you gotta lift your game.
Next time you are out in public, look left, then right.  One of them is an asshole.  The other is a domestic terrorist.
"You're a fucking dirty whore and no one will ever love you."Every piece of shit abusive ex ever.
"Those fucking Dems ruined it. Trump would have made us the best in the world if the Dems kept their noses out of it."
They still do "send them back" chants at his rallies.Criticizing America is only bad if it's a Democrat doing it. Apparently treasonous if from non-white.
Their argument is literally "the Democrats, having no power whatsoever, have managed to turn the US into a third world country.  Their mechanism for doing this was a democratic election, in which the authoritarian populist didn't win."    The head spins.
This is the same people who condemn Rev. White's "god damn America" but praises Pat Robertson's "we deserved 911"
does he say it in the link provided or do i have to go find him saying it
Nope. Everything that was happening in this country leading up to 2016 is why trump was elected in the first place. He did not create the division and other problems we are facing, he is the RESULT of those issues. He absolutely amplified it and made everything worse... but we were nowhere close to fine pre-2016.
But Reddit had not been President of the U.S. for 4 years.
But Reddit is not the leader of the country and therefore responsible for its third world-ness.  It's like telling yourself that you look like shit.
And what does a third world country need most?  Why, a strongman despot as their leader!
Yeah. Coal mines. Pollution. Racism. Shitty Chinese-like Factory Jobs. Etc. Like the good old days.
Make America Gambia Again?EDIT: Option 2 - Make America Guatemala, Amigos!
Make America a Shit Hole?  M.A.S.H.?
In the original context of the word, it basically is. 1st being aligned with Western powers, 2nd being aligned with Eastern powers, and 3rd being aligned with neither. (During the Cold War.)
With six previous files for bankruptcy under his belt before that
Ah yes but he didn't have the deep state! And also he had to spend most of his presidency fighting all the paedophile rings only he knew about.
America lives in a rotting, busted-ass trailer but drives a $65,000 truck.
But then he'd have 2 additional wins.
I would include Obama roasting him in 2011 before his campaign could get rolling.
Out in public?  You mean like in the Before Time, the Long Long Ago?
Yup. These are the consequences for allowing Nixon, Bush and Cheney of the hook. America has reached comic book levels of corruption. The justice system serves the rich and fights the poor. The cherry on the top is the rich have convinced poor people that even poorer people are the reason they are poor.
Except he lost the popular vote by approximately 3 million.He is the result of Russian interference.
He's done his best to turn the US into  "shithole country".
I have this site bookmarked and I look at it daily.[https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?csz=1&iso=20210120T00&msg=Time+left+until+Trump+leaves+office&p0=263](https://www.timeanddate.com/countdown/to?csz=1&iso=20210120T00&msg=Time+left+until+Trump+leaves+office&p0=263)
Nobody's had a bigger /s in the history of /s. It's very big, very beautiful. People ask me, "how you come up with a such a great /s?" I'm very smart when it comes to /s. There's never been a bigger /s, believe me, folks.Edit: I've been reading how this man talks way too much over these last 4 years.
73 million voting americans buy this version right now
Hence why Trump's cult loves this place so much.
>America lives in a rotting, busted-ass trailer but drives a $65,000 truck.The military-industrial complex has become so large we're all military now.
Literally they are admitting that he made them a third world country and they will probs be shouting it now.
> They will blame the DemsHonestly that's all you need. Context doesn't matter here, everything will always be some Democrat's fault.
I love walking conservatives in fucking circles with this. They simultaneously worry about lockdowns affecting the economy and yet when shown examples of what could be done to help both the working class AND the economy they don't want to even entertain the idea of it.
Going to "laugh" (cry) if he turns on them and starts bashing them for turning down his invite. He's that petty.
I wouldn't want to be involved in something like this where a moron took credit for my work, either.
A good Onion headline would be something like Trump thinking he could get the FDA to delay if not decline Pfizer's & Moderna's vaccine approvals because they didn't come visit him in the Covid house.  But then I realized that this is what may just happen and should head to a betting market site.
"Sorry, Mr President, we don't do super spreader events, even though they technically would make us more money."
Quite reasonable decision. The White House is basically a covid colony and they are not vaccinated jet.
Just another publicity stunt. It's all about trump.
Damn! Another successful burn received in Mar-a-Lunatic.
Nobody want to visit the Covid house....
They have more important stuff to do than be a prop in a PR stunt.
Pfizer and Moderna and are making it very clear that their intention is a deliberate, highly public insult. The rarity of large companies going out of their way to raise their middle finger to a president speaks volumes about how pissed and disgusted Pfizer and Moderna are.
You just love to see it folks
That pic of him...wow...he looks like a well buttered popcorn kernel
Something to truly look forward to after his reign of criminal actions....I really hope the criminal side becomes a RICO case
It's like waking up on Christmas morning as a kid. I hope he gets a shit load of presents. Fuckin loser
I would love to see Trump held accountable for his crimes, but it's important to have a reality check here: NY has been Trump's biggest enabler for 40+ years. They know for a fact that he's been ripping them off with his taxes, yet they've done nothing. Cy Vance could have prosecuted Trump's idiot kids on slam dunk charges but chose to drop the cases shortly after one of Trump's attorneys ~~paid him a bribe~~ donated to his campaign. And that's just one example; Trump almost certainly has been bribing people and collecting dirt on them since he was in short pants.There's room to be hopeful, but it's going to be an incredibly tough uphill battle to hold former president Trump accountable after years of letting slumlord Trump walk all over them.
Just watch, he will announce his run for 2024 and will claim it provides him immunity
I hope he gets what's coming to him in such a big dose that he spends the rest of his life in court or jail.
I always wondered what the plural of nemesis was. Now I know.
This should be what happens to all corrupt politicians. An accountability check followed up with monetary and jail time penalties that double or triple what they made on immoral and unethical methods.
Just realized Trump has the color scheme of a cheap hotdog with mustard on top.
Don't you just love GREAT NEWS?
What's funny is that all the GOP has done the past few years is chant "lock him/her up" anytime a democrat did something that hurt their little feelings. Now, our current (impeached) president has clearly broken laws in broad daylight, and there is already a litany of active investigations pending, yet no chants of "lock him up". Just 81,000,000 adults got there asses to the polls to get that POS out of the white house. That's called taking responsibility, well done America. Now let the Southern District have their way with 'Individual 1'... I hope they buy him dinner first
I want a pic of the line of process servers waiting outside his door on 1/21/21.
You know what the fucked up thing is, if someone just gave him a game show back in 2016 all of this would have been avoided and he'd probably never face charges. That being said, get 'im Letisha!
He's a flight risk, so make sure to put him in protective custody at 12:01 PM 2021/01/20.
Can someone just start a whole news network that only covers investigation and prosecution of the trump crime family?
Why don't they indict him NOW?I know there is a DOJ memo saying they can't, but that has never been tested in court. I don't believe it would stand up to Constitutional scrutiny. A lame duck President looking at a pardon is the perfect test case.
Yes, but I won't believe it until then either.
Don't go ruining popcorn for me.
Getting Rudy on RICO charges would be a bit of sweet irony.
I'd encourage Joe Biden to turn the White House into the first executive level detention center if Trump refuses to vacate.
>How much you wanna make a bet I can throw an indictment over them mountains?...
It's RICOIt's RICO timeI know what you're trying to sayYou're trying to say it's time for RICO, it's RICO time, oohIt's RICOIt's RICO timeOoh, ooh, yeah
New York prosecutors would probably coordinate with the USSS to serve Trump papers or even take him in for questioning without compromising their mandate to ensure his safety.
Oh trust, he and his families will never financially recover from this.
Why bother testing it in court when they can indict him in just a little over a month? There's also the possibility they don't have the evidence they need yet, and haven't been able to subpoena the records/people they need to because the DOJ would just block them or they'd ignore the subpoenas like they have been these past 4 years, but that won't be possible once that memo can no longer be weaponized to prevent it from happening.
Putting 70+ million people in a jail cell might be tough. Where did you get your law degree? North Korea?
And when you're prosecuting a giant turd, they let you do it...
An ex president can waive the secret service protection.  I'm willing to bet that Trump will do just that, jump on his own plane and skip country.
I would like to see the memo tested because I don't believe anyone should be above the law, and I think SCOTUS would agree. If this DOJ idea that the President can't be prosecuted is correct, then a sitting President could walk on to the debate stage and shoot his opponent and run unopposed. Why not?As far as DOJ opposition - all it takes is one US attorney with some balls to take it to a grand jury. He would get fired, but they will probably all be fired in January anyway. Once a grand jury indicts, then it has to go to court.We don't really know about most of the evidence collected. But Michael Cohen's testimony would have been enough to indict Trump if he weren't President.
I enjoyed you enjoying that unexpected reference.
That is how he spells it. That's the point.
Trump is making a lot of money off of the Secret Service, he'll never get rid of them.
That coward is not giving up paid for security
Even when I'm an idiot, I'm smarter than that man.
Furthermore, he'll probably use one of his golf courses as a barracks of sorts, and use his super supporters to create an autonomous zone. What he doesn't realize is that, the Praetorian Guard had their uses too...
At this point, it is completely necessary. These lawyers have made a mockery of the judicial system.
Rotor Rooter should also investigate the black ooze and gas leaks.
If ABA takes no action that's a pretty clear admission that they serve no purpose and there's no need for them to exist. They need to either revoke their licenses or do away with licenses altogether since if these clowns remain licensed practicing attorneys, then the license means nothing.
If the investigation comes to the conclusion that all this conspiracy stuff is nonsense, make them pay for all the lawsuits, recounts and other expenses that cost taxpayers millions of dollars.
Can we get to 10,000, counselors?
Good.  Now let's also go after "Doctors" who are shilling for antivax and antimask causes.
Law licenses are issued and regulated at the state level. The ABA has exactly 0 ability to sanction unethical attorneys. This is a call for state bars/courts to take action against attorneys licensed in their jurisdictions.
ABA is just a professional association. They have no power here whatsoever. Courts could sanction him though, or the state bar (wherever he's admitted) could disbar him.
Discipline for filing meritless lawsuits repeatedly and purely for propaganda purposes is a great look.  Frankly if there is no discipline for this atrocity the legal profession in American should lose its right to discipline itself.
I stand corrected and thanks for the info. I did see an article saying they were going to individual state associations but this article made me think they all come together nationally as well.
Now why would I want to replace command and control with my own loyalists in a situation where I just lost an election, but refuse to concede although I have less than 2 months left in office....why, why, why......oh this one is a tough nut to crack....
Would be nice if some people with integrity would stick around to keep things from going completely to shit.
Fire everyone Trump appointed. We must excise the cancer.
So he's creating a "Deep State" to undermine the Biden administration from Day 1.It's ***always*** projection with Republicans. Always.
"Mr President replaces everyone with wackos when they leave/are fired. Time for me to leave" wtf
Until we do something about the ongoing propaganda that convinced 70 million people this was a president worth re-electing, our government is going to continue to be systematically dismantled and officially turned into a fascist corporatocracy / theocracy. That started before Trump and will continue after him.It's great that Biden/Harris won and we still have the House, but we also still have the death cult in charge of the Senate and now Supreme Court. There's also their stranglehold on local government. We need a major social change and/or action to regain control and address the Republican party's toxic, hostile, and inhumane governing.
Killing yourself in protest of murder
Why now? This is very alarming.
The thing is, no one is "loyal" to Trump.  They are loyal to the idea that American democracy should die, and be replaced with a greedy corporate, theocratic dictatorship*.  Trump is nothing more than sacrificial cover that they will use until they can't.            *Theocratic in that religion is the chosen tool to maintain control over the uneducated rubes, not that they actually believe themselves.
The oath these people take is to 'protect and defend' the constitution, not "resign and abandon' the Constitution.
Few more weeks, then Biden can "flush the toilet" and get rid of these turds.
Distraction.This this is largely just a 2002 created civilian vanity board where corporate America shares 'best business practices' and presents new ideas to help senior leaders meet DoD management challenges.
People need to stop with the coup thing. Trump can't make it happen. He can try, but he has no shot. What you ***are*** seeing, is Trump being a petty and petulant manchild. He is purposefully sabotaging Biden's incoming presidential aspirations because Trump lost. That's the story here. Trump got beat, and now he's lashing out as only Trump knows how. If America gets hurt in the process, Trump would argue, that's our fault for not reelecting him. Because he's a fucking lunatic.Edit: The term yall are looking for, is sedition.
4 years of Trump purges.  Blow a whistle?  Guess who's getting purged.  The federal government is full of yes men at top positions
Should happen but very likely won't. "Unity and healing" etc. etc. like Cons have not proven time and time again they'll take a mile when you give them an inch.
When you're fired, your letter of resignation has little impact. No one is talking about the other people, but these resign in protests peeps are getting some attention.
He probably knew Biden was going to throw all of Donald's turds out anyway, and at least this way he:1. Didn't get caught in the crossfire.2. Brought light to the situation.
Tucks tail and runs when they could hold the line for ~2 more months?Imagine serving 3yrs 10 months under Trump and THEN resigning in protest.
and he just created one more opening to be filled?
It seems risky to allow these institutions to remain subverted and corrupted. It's also clear that the reconciliatory approach is ineffective.
It's more like sedition if we were to give it a name.
Yeah, couldn't he have stayed long enough to gather evidence and be an actual whistleblower? I mean, I guess it's good that he's denouncing it for what it is right now, but still...someone worse will absolutely take his place. I swing wildly between being relieved that there's only 2 months left and terrified at what they can do in that amount of time.
I'm sure COVID-19 handling isn't the only thing he did was treasonous...
45th President of the United States. Donald J. Trump. The UNAMERICAN President.
No, it is more a crime against humanity, criminal negligence, violating his oath of office. The treason part comes later when Russia is revisited.
At the very least its negligent homicide
He's killed more Americans through his direct (in)actions than any other President in US history. If this isn't criminal, then nothing is.
It's a sad reality when you realize that if no one had sat in the oval office over the last nine months, there would be less dead.
I think Stern regrets his role in making trump an even bigger celebrity.
AgreedSkyrocketing passed 300k dead,  the cult still refusing education and rejecting science. Made US weak af while Putin smiles
It stuns me when people say that Trump did the best he could under the circumstances. Maybe they are actually giving me a master class lesson on trolling? The best *he* could do, like any short of doomsday would be considered a success for *him*.Narrator: No, they think he did better than anyone else could have done.
For better or worse, if he says it it makes somewhat of a difference, even though I realize he is not nearly the influential figure he used to be.
He should be in prison for crimes against humanity for his lack of response to Covid19!!!!
He may have committed some light treason.
He actively made it worse in blue states/cities.
Stern needed another wack packer to make great radio in the 90s. Who better than Donald Trump? He also many times said he does not and never has endorsed Trump for president.
In an oubliette.  Just love that word..oubliette.
Trump was different back then.  He was a big endorser of the Clinton administration.  He was still a terrible person, but I don't think you can blame people for not realizing the extent of it.
He has been speaking out about Trump ever since the guy ran for President.  What else do you expect him to do exactly?
but it's GOP treason, so it's alright, only DEM treason is not cool! /s
And red ones. Really in all states.
Honestly it was an effective way for the Republicans to kill as many Democrats as possible before the election
I would agree, Stern works hard for his audience, trump was entertainment. No one really thought trump would win. Without a huge assist from Roger Ailes he may not have won but that's history now.
He does not still consider trump a friend. Howard has a history of not talking bad about his friends.  How has also been coming down on racism and anti-lgbtqism his entire career. When one looks at the "N hating hat" show where mocking racist rednecks one sees comedy gold coupled with a strong social consciousness.  The guy made millions laugh and cry or decades. His interviews, his books, the show...
I don't think you've listened to Stern.
Liberals are more likely to wear masks though, so this is having the opposite effect.  See all the conservatives in the public eye getting Covid-19.
I was just gonna say his entire personal life always felt like a total inverse of his public life. I recommend people check out his interview with David Letterman on Netflix.
No, but the FBI, the Justice department, and the attorney general should.
I agree with the general sentiment. However, Joe Biden himself should not be involved at all. All Joe Biden should do is appoint a fair and reasonable attorney general and then let them do their job.  if that happens, Donald Trump will already be facing plenty of trouble. The last thing we need is to make it personal between Joe Biden and Donald trump.  Instead it needs to be done professionally and legally.
The country needs to prove that we learned our lesson from Nixon
If nothing is done, the US as we know it is over within a decade. Had Trump and his allies been competent they could have easily stolen this election.
Not prosecuting him will only invite more lawless behavior.Biden shouldn't be the one pushing prosecutions anyway. It's not the President's job to decide who to prosecute.
It appears that New York has been planning to take down the entire Trump family, too.
Nothing is more obvious. If you don't bury Trump in 2021, he will start a media company and flood the American dialogue with lies and other bullshit the next four years, and he *will win* the White House back in 2024. The Mueller Report makes it abundantly clear that Trump is guilty of the crimes it investigated. And apparently there's plenty of dirt in New York State to put him away there. This should be a slam-dunk process. The only thing standing in the way of ending Trumpism is the utter lack of political acumen of the Democratic Party. They are a complete pushover when it comes to politics, and if they fail this time, it's game over for all of us four years from now. You can't negotiate with a narcissist. You can't expect a narcissist to grow or evolve. You can only expect a narcissist to exploit your weakness and bury you when they get the chance. Don't give this fucking maniac a chance.
It's the only way and how to keep this fucking family away from our government. Anything else says, "Sure do it again, shame on me for allowing it to happen." Even worse than "Next we time we will get you!"
The weirdest thing about the current situation regarding the elections, is that IN FACT it was Trump that colluded with Russia to steal the last election - specifically with Rybolevlov - who met secretly with Trump on the jet way in Charlotte and Vegas (and vacationed with Jared and Ivanka) after the election and got a $400 million payoff by MBS exactly one year later. Releasing Hillary's email was no coincidence and we've had what at least a dozen convictions - including his campaign manager Manafort with clear and direct links with Russia. What I am saying, after all the nonsense with Trump pointing to election irregularities in 2020 - which have now been disproven in at least 50 court rejections (pointing to no evidence and only theories) not to even mention the Karen's farting Giuliani drummed up, and what actually happened in 2016 ... Biden really needs to now go after Trump just to set the record straight. Trump is a crook. Trump is THE cheat. Trump is the serial liar and his scheme to steal 2020 bombed. Dominion machines were purchased by Republicans in the counties they were used in. The record needs to be set straight. Heal ONLY after revealing the truth.
Biden needs to do what Khrushchev did after Stalin and open the books on Trump. That was what killed the Stalin cult, and I think it would at least put a dent in the Trump cult.
It took decades for the German society to truly process the horrors of the Nazi regime. People do not let go of a cult leader easily no matter how abusive. What was critical for the later processing to happen were all the documents preserved and properly court litigated investigation results.
Absolutely! If trump's stepping all over the constitution is allowed to stand, we can kiss democracy goodbye. Maybe not in the next 4 years, but it WILL die.
Biden cannot do this.The Justice Department can do this.State AG's can do this.This cannot be an executive action, or the presidency will become an endless chain of legal witch hunts.
The nation has suffered harm and cannot be made whole without this administration being held accountable.  Anything less will spell the end of the republic.
If you have an infected wound, you take antibiotics. You don't hope that your body will learn to synergize with the foreign bacteria.
Fuck healing.  If they don't throw the book at Trump and anyone else who broke the law, there will be NOTHING stopping the next batch from doing the same stuff. (except possibly being more successful at it)
We are a nation of freedoms and laws. We are also a nation that promises penalties against ones freedoms should one violate the laws created to protect the freedoms of us all. If Trump goes unpunished, the next wannabe dictator will be even worse. I'm all in to see this punk punished to the full extent of the laws guaranteed to me in the constitution that he swore to uphold and protect - and then refused to fulfill while he stoked his racist cult instead... and this dereliction of duty is the smallest of his crimes.
Biden isn't a judge. He just needs to make sure the Justice Department has plenty of funding. They're going to need it.
I think the country needs to see these corrupt, rich, white males suffer consequences. For a bunch of reasons.
Meanwhile Bush and Cheney still got away with war crimes hassle free.
Ok. I'll start holding my breath now.
Easy.  Trump is working to sabotage Biden's transition.  He's planning on holding a rally the day of the inauguration.  He's damaged confidence in our electoral system.  He's undermined confidence in our Constitutional laws.  He's currently attempting to bribe elections officials and lawmakers to overturn the election result.  He's pardoning allies and inquiring about a pre-emptive pardon for himself.We don't need complicated psychological reasoning to come to the conclusion this guy needs the book thrown at him.
'Biden' shouldn't do a fuckin thing the DOJ (which I hope will be nonpartisan again under Biden) should investigate and prosecute Trump. We've seen what a president meddling in investigations is like and it's fucking horrific
Well if the Democrats wouldn't investigate anyone in the Bush admin for lying, corruption, warcrimes and war profiteering, then they're definitely not going after Trump.We do not live in a country that holds people accountable.
Yep, just don't get in the way of them investigating.  Do, like, normal president things.
The same way the Trump campaign is able to pursue all legal options to challenge the results of the elections as part of the process, So too should the legal system be able to challenge the actions of a president in all the areas in question to ensure that no citizen is above the law.
The article is just trying to tell Biden not to block investigations without alluding to the fact Joe Biden totally plans to do that. he is going to get into office, and just like Obama, is going to say that it's time to move on from the previous administration and end all investigations against the conservative crook that was in office before them.
Exactly.  Biden has a big enough job on his plate over the next 4 years without getting entangled in Trump's demise.  It would be a massive distraction from the considerable job at hand.  Let the lawyers sink Trump.
Even better:  Appoint a fair and reasonable AG who will then appoint a fair and reasonable Special Counsel who will fairly look into the growing evidence of serious corruption that goes well beyond national security risk.
Say it with me: Preet Bharara.
I can say this at least, if nothing is done it will be sending a massive signal that no matter what a President is not held accountable for anything. You can then guarantee that the next monster the GOP manages to land a win with will be that much worse.
The issue is Biden can claim neutrality, while his [rhetoric](https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/justice-department/president-elect-biden-wary-trump-focused-investigations-sources-say-n1247959) is saying something completely different and can still have influence over the DOJ.Tolerance for the intolerance of white nationalism will [radicalize](https://youtu.be/m9Oba-ns_B8) the 74M people that voted for Trump in 2020. They will be embolden to vote for the [likes of Trump in 2024](https://mobile.twitter.com/Thom_Hartmann/status/1329321582255247360) if the hammer is not smashed down to stop this white nationalist cult in the GOP.Now, I'm absolutely for racial harmony and equality for all if you can't already tell, but when it comes to the tolerance for the intolerance of fascism and white nationalism, it only leads to the empowerment of a [militarized-police state](https://www.pogo.org/analysis/2020/06/poisoning-our-police-how-the-militarization-mindset-threatens-constitutional-rights-and-public-safety/) and [retrogression](https://www.reddit.com/r/politics/comments/dr1012/comment/f6dg7qa) that we've been inching towards over the past two centuries; it must be dealt with in all legal capacity. In the US,  justice is affixed to & determined by white comfort through a failed federal government that has never held it's past accountable([settlers colonialism](https://sunbloc.org/origins-of-the-constitution-of-the-united-states/)) as movements to "defund the police"(and reallocate resources) are still being actively stifled as '[too snappy](https://www.theguardian.com/us-news/2020/dec/02/barack-obama-criticizes-defund-the-police-slogan-backlash)' when it brings truth to power. If the demand for justice stands irrespective of white comfort, you're doing something right by holding the system accountable to the people, Biden needs to do the same with Trump and the GOP.
And Biden likely will. He has the capacity to delegate and be hands off. Trump simply cannot be hands off, he has to micromanage and involved, even when he is completely out of his depth.
Honestly, they'll probably have to have a large commission do the investigation given that it looks like there is a fuckton of crimes committed.  But yes, Biden should appoint an AG, make sure the department is in order, and then let it work.  Biden himself needs to then simply ignore it, and say things at pressers like "I'm not involved in it, that's a question for the AG" etc.   Basically, set it in motion, make sure it's not corrupted, and then let it go and be above it all.
While I understand people's desire to maintain the appearance of impartiality, is important that people understand that the maga crowd is unlikely to be convinced.There is no level of impartiality that will convince them that the investigation is impartial. I would much rather Biden expend his energy and use his presence to open doors for the investigation than have him sit idly by in the misguided hopes they'll convince any Trump supporters that the investigation is impartial. Trump actually being behind bars will do more for this than anything else.
Good point!  I agree.It's going to cost LOTS of money and time to figure it all out.
add Bush to that as well. Obama's admin could've gone after some of the more criminal elements of that administration, particularly figures who falsified evidence for the Iraq War and oversaw torture policy. But the country was in the midst of the Great Recession and Obama felt like he had to move on from the past in order create a sense of unity. Him also being the first black president, he felt pressured not to do anything that would potentially rile up the other party.The result was that the Republican Party doubled down and became even crazier. At some point, bad behavior needs to be punished, and criminal behavior needs to be prosecuted.
Thing is they didn't even need to steal the election. If they had taken control and listened to the medical experts, covid could have been reduced dramatically within a short period of time. A proper response to the pandemic would have easily won him the election but he's just too arrogant and narcissistic to realize it.
Yeah... but strictly speaking, it's not Biden's job to do any book-throwing... it's the job of the attorney general and downstream. It's just that Biden's nod, or lack thereof, is the trigger... or not.It remains to be seen if the job itself will actually get done properly.
Trump isn't capable of competent.  It's like asking a dog to do your taxes.
* Don't pardon Trump.* Tell the DOJ to investigate crimes based on the rule of law. (Duh.)* Do not handcuff the DOJ with regards to who to prosecute. (Don't publicly target Trump, but don't tell the DOJ to avoid politicians from the previous administration.)
He should announce that he will not pardon nor will he stand in the way of any investigation. And leave it at that.
The vote suppression they've been doing in our cities for the past 100+ years is pretty much evidence that our Democracy is and always has been a sham.Those people voted by mail this election - (despite Trump's pathetic attempts to sabotage the USPS) - and the difference is night and day.  You think the GOP will permit this to happen again?  If we let them, Democracy is not just a sham, but an obvious sham.
Instead, we withdrew the Union Army and let the KKK take over in the south for a century.  Lynchings?  Throwing black people in jail to continue using them as slave labor?  Jim Crow?  Not our problem, as long as the South isn't trying to secede anymore.
The generals weren't so much the problem. It was the shitbird politicians and rich plantation owners that controlled them who influenced state policy.Then add in Andrew **FUCKING** Johnson, a Donald Trump of his own time to be frank. He basically turned a blind eye to the south's handling of reconstruction while they did nothing to change their policies (why would they?) other than they couldn't have explicit slaves anymore.
Imagine if they start trying to put up statues of Trump and Kushner?  And then it's contentious if they get taken down...?
We should forgive our enemies, but not before they are hanged.-Heinrich Heine
I do appreciate they chose the most pouty face of Trump they could find.  Really sells it
Call me a cynic towards the U. S all you want - but am really taking mental bets on Trump and the majority of his enablers getting away scott free like Cheney and Bush. Sure,  maybe some Scooty Libby small fry might be served up - but I really think the big fish won't get caught in the net and fried by the judicial system. Totally hope am wrong and there is legal guillotining of these corrupt and malicious scumbags
> I have bad news for everyone, there is no justice.There is only politics.
Tax fraud and campaign violations are pretty obvious.
Nah money laundering and tax fraud are real crimes
Have you ever sat back and asked yourself why everyone hates you?
You: "I've received so much hate for supporting the rise of Fascism in America! I'm such a victim!"
Forgiveness here is unacceptable. It gives the GOP a play book for next time and shows that they can do anything. These people are not the majority, and keep in mind that even after Nixon there were some die-hards that supported him. Support does not equal morality.
[Here you go](https://theintercept.com/2019/10/10/trump-crimes-law/). This is just the Ukraine thing, but it lists like 5-6 specific laws he broke.
How would that even work? what would a civil war look like? Who would be fighting who? State to state? Town to town? Nonsense.
yes, and if it is perceived as a vendetta against Trump, it'll just play directly into his hands. as much distance as possible should be kept between Biden and any prosecutions or investigations of Trump.
Yes, because now that the country's a complete disaster, we get to do the work of putting things back together.  Let's not give it back to the Republicans to ruin again.  Deal?
>let the lawyers sink TrumpHis own lawyers are doing a good job of that, with the little thing called *candor to the court.* They refuse to lie for him and pretend there's a shred of evidence of voter fraud, and risk being disbarred.
He still has to do something.You can't spend a campaign trail calling your political opponent a criminal and then do nothing about it after.
Even if Joe Biden tries to stay out of it, it will dominate the news and Biden will be asked about it a lot
I love the idea. However, in DC not sure anybody will be seen as "fair and reasonable", until they present their findings. Then one party will agree they were fair, the other totally biased.
Biden should also record every interaction he has with his AG (and he should have no interaction with the Special Counsel).  He should make it extremely clear that he does not have any preferred outcome, and justice should be served, whatever form that might take.
Seems like a pretty solid choice to me. I would not be surprised if Joe Biden goes for someone that never had any sort of dealings with Donald Trump at all though, just to avoid potentially bad optics.
Put him in the SEC instead, give them teeth.
I don't think Bharara could get past the Senate unless Dems win both Georgia seats.
Of course they are not going to be convinced. Every Trump voter is a depraved lying criminal piece of s***.we are not going to do this the right way because of them. we are going to do this the right way because of us. Because being better than those depraved assholes is not just something we say we are. It is something we actually do.
That's how it seems to me. When you strip away all the bullshit, Bush & co. used the situation in iraq to massively enrich companies that they have interests in, most famously halliburton, but there were others. By letting them get away with it, the Obama administration essentially emboldened future grifters to become even more brazen, and this is the result. Except this time it's the American tax payer being fleeced, not some foreign entity.
>	But the country was in the midst of the Great Recession and Obama felt like he had to move on from the past in order create a sense of unity.And now we find ourselves in a similar socioeconomic crisis, one that is partially the fault of the outgoing administration, and an incoming president that also speaks of moving on from the past to create a sense of unity.A few more cycles of this bullshit and the ever more reactionary and regressive Republican Party will take this country to its grave.Justice must be served to those who defile our nation with their unforgivable crimes.
Biden is head of the Executive Branch and therefore DOJ. If the Republicans used the DOJ as their personal plaything, and they did, then Biden not doing the same is simply removing his own power.The idea of the President being separate from the DOJ is optics and precedence alone - not fact. It's why the Republicans got to do whatever they wanted with the Mueller investigation.
Nazi sentiment did not evaporate quietly and quickly here. It was quickly and quietly integrated into the young BRD. Nazis stayed as judges, stayed as police, helped building the Bundeswehr and intelligence services and got elected into high offices. They just stopped talking about jews but continued their anticommunist views, seemlessly integrating themselves into Cold War politics. You know when the last time a member of the NSDAP became chancellor here in Germany? 1966. Kurt Georg Kiesinger.When the post war generation started agitating for an honest dealing with the Third Reich in the late 60ies it came to clashes in the street. Only then the modern culture of remembrance in Germany started to develope. Against massive resistance one might add.Things like this are largely forgotten these days, but if you conscientuously objected military service in the 60ies you might find yourself infront of an old Nazi judge who had people shot for that 20 years before. That guy might then refuse your application and in basic training you might find yourself trained by a Waffen SS veteran.You mistake letting Nazis quietly integrating themselves into public life again with Nazi sentiment evaporating.And I don't know what you mean about Eastern Germany? because of the current Nazi problem there? That has alot of reasons and some of them are former Soviet and DDR policy but the comparatively harsh clampdown on Nazis postwar isn't one of them.
Yes, you have to be careful that anything you do (like expanding the supreme court) the republicans likely can do, too, when they regain power. There is a key difference in this particular argument, though: breaking the law. It's completely different to prosecute someone who's broken the law than someone who hasn't.The other argument is that the republicans have fired the first shot and they will likely continue to expand on what they started when they get back in power no matter what the dems do. Passivity will not heal, it will not mend, it will not prevent further abuse in the future. Strong measures need to be taken if the dems don't want to lose control of the country for good, public support be damned.Finally, when Germany lost the war he Nazis were dealt a fatal blow. Nothing else needed to be done. In this case the war is far from over, only a battle was won.
Let Trump have unlimited power and we'll see how different they really are. What is a monster but a shitty person who can do whatever he wants.
i think it's bad to use words like sham. because it's not, totally. despite the voter suppression and gerrymandering, votes still count, and the maneuverings to make it less fair still have to go through courts which are biased but still independent. i get what you mean, but calling the entire democracy a sham only serves to demotivate people. the actual truth is that entrenched interests and republicans in particular bet on people feeling this way so it is easier for them to ignore the will of the people.
Idk. Its a tough call. On one hand, more people know about Trump'a wrongdoings than they did about Bush and Cheney, mainly thanks to how much more available information is in 2020 compared to 2005. But for the idiots saying they "miss Bush" because of Trump, im thoroughly convinced they know nothing about politics and view racist tweets as worse than war crimes including torture.
Because Congress has the authority to do so.Plus an investigation conducted by a competent, functional Congress could lead to legislation or executive orders that would curtail corruption or add additional oversight where it's needed, depending on what's being investigated. Similar to the aftermath of the Church and Pike Committee's in 75. But it doesn't matter because it's not going to happen. Anyone who thinks the Biden admin is going to do anything to Trump is living in a fantasy.
The FBI was led by Comey and Mueller. Two partisan hacks that intentionally leaked or sabotage investigations in order to help republicans. No US policing agency should ever be trusted by the citizens.
Right Wing Media: The vindictive and personal prosecution of dear leader President Trump continues today as Democrat Joe Biden, currently illegally occupying 3600 Pennsylvania Avenue, attempts to jail his political rivals on trumped up charges.Doesn't matter what Biden actually does, the Right will just make it up and the right wing voters will believe it.
It doesn't matter.  Trump will see it as Biden coming after him because that is how Trump percieves the world and it how he operates.  This is why he needs to be removed from Twitter and Facebook and the media needs to ignore him.  So he can't lie and inflame his followers with bullshit.
>and then do nothing about it after. Sure he can. It's not his job to do anything about it.It's the job of an independent and competent DOJ.
At some point, we just have to be willing to say "So what?"True justice is blind, but it is also honest.  Let's stop pretending that enforcement of it involves bipartisan planning, and start calling enforcement what it is: RIGHT.
He can say he's focusing on his presidential duties but has faith that law enforcement agencies and the legal system are competent and will do their jobs.
Fuck the optics, we need justice.
What's being progressive have to do with that job?
 for this job I care more about his pursuit of actual justice
To be clear, I'm not saying the dems need to be partial. I'm confident that the dems will be impartial. I'm worried that the dems will avoid impartial actions they can take, *for fear of appearing partial and no other reason*. Every line item of wrongdoing needs to be uncovered and undone to get this country back on track - I'm not particularly concerned with how it appears to the MAGA crowd.
It was the taxpayer last time too
> Right Wing Media: The vindictive and personal prosecution of dear leader President Trump continues today as Democrat Joe Biden, currently illegally occupying 3600 Pennsylvania Avenue, attempts to jail his political rivals on trumped up charges.Well if President Joe Biden resides at 3600 Pennsylvania Avenue I'd be terribly surprised. The White House is 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue.  /s
Twitter will likely be banning Trump's account the first time he breaks the TOS after the inauguration. (So probably within a couple hours)
Yes. But he has to appoint those people and make that a point of action. Otherwise all that criminal accusation bullshit was just another disingenuous campaign trail talking point.
Yet you seem oddly OK with the fact that the Trump administration appointed a special counsel last week to investigate the 2016 Obama/Biden administration
Has Hillary Clinton ever done criminal prosecution?
And this is why democrats suck at branding.
> No US policing agency should ever be trusted by the citizens.This is not a lie. They shouldn't be trusted. We can agree to disagree whether we should have them at all. However, even if you come from the position that we should have those agencies, they should always be under the most absolutely strict scrutiny of any institution including easily accessible public records of finished investigations and strong congressional oversight.You **always** have to ask "who watches the watchmen?"
The Right's minds are already lost. Just keep repeating this line to them: "if you haven't broken the law, you should be able to prove your innocence in Court."
I want trump and his lackeys crushed by the weight of law. If Biden's AG declines to prosecute trump, many like me will entirely give up on hope for justice.
> Has Hillary Clinton ever done criminal prosecution?She did some tangentially related work in the seventies. In fact, the criminal involved was also a US president:> On Capitol Hill, Hillary Rodham, a 26-year-old law school graduate, was hired by the House Judiciary Committee to work on a bipartisan staff effort to help determine whether to impeach Nixon.[Source](https://www.politico.com/magazine/story/2019/09/16/hillary-clinton-impeachment-memo-trump-228107)
This.  It's possible to do the right thing, *and* to manage the optics and branding of Doing the Right Thing^tm.
The problem for the Republicans is the same that all people who deal in bad faith eventually have: nobody else believes them anymore. Yes they'll threaten gridlock if Trump is prosecuted, but they'll also gridlock over *anything*. So saying, "No prosecution or there will be gridlock" means nothing because the implicit promise (drop the prosecution and we'll start playing ball) isn't believable.If Biden blanket pardoned Trump, Republicans would simply find some other reason to hold up government, or do so for no reason at all. So their demands, "lest there be gridlock" are without meaning.
Republicans: Don't prosecute anybody or we're going to shut everything down!Uh, how is that any different than any other day?
> Republicans have gridlocked for way lessEither the Georgia runoff puts two Democrats in the Senate, or the Republicans are going to prevent Biden from doing anything anyhow. They've made it perfectly clear that they will not act in good faith and will resist the basic functioning of government regardless of what Biden tries to do.They won't be able to threaten gridlock to get their way on anything in particular - either they get disarmed in Georgia, or they shoot the hostage on day 1.
That's why we can't let up, every election counts, even local and state seats, we need to be on the ground, mobilizing voters to get rid of the crooks -- all of them.
Republicans have controlled 2 out of the three branches of government for at least 26 of the last 30 years.  If you have a problem with America's focus, it's the Republican's fault.
Being friends with people is how one gets ahead and effectively puts themselves first. If you spit on everyone around you in an effort to put yourself first, you are effectively putting yourself last.There is a correct way to put your country first without burning all of its bridges, as Trump did. He (and his supporters) somehow believe that bullying people is how you win, when it's demonstrably false logic.The truth is, the right just enjoys spitting on folks because they hate themselves. The end.
Yeah, those emotional Democrats and their science and social programs.
>probably spark a civil war at the same time.It's past time to say, "Bring it."
Maybe a bad idea, she would win the jury vote but the judge would rule in trump's favor.
100%. Either they lose both seats in Georgia, or they'll be gridlocking over nothing from day 1. You can't threaten a hostage that you've already killed in full view.
Exactly.  It took Obama far too long to realize that the GOP isn't interested in governing.  They just want to beat you.  And if the government grinds to a halt, fine with their voters.
because they are the only two outlets that are supporting his bullshit 100% of the time. &#x200B;even fox has some journalist with integrity and it kill the cheeto to see that they arent all in lockstep with him
I wonder if OANN and Newsmax will be FARA'd
Congrats to Joe Biden for winning Georgia for the 3rd time.
Two recounts folks.  Two hand recounts.  Trump lost.  There was no fraud because the hand recount is the check on the machines.  They both checked.Stop the internal dialogue now.  Trump lost.
Not American, but US Republicans sound kinda... dumb.
Just heard from some family from GA at a memorial service not a gaddamed mask among the lot of them & ignorant as shit when it came to long disproved Q conspiracies.      I really hope this astoundingly stupid segment of our society doesn't usher in the next mass extinction...
One of the top posts on /r/conservative https://thefederalist.com/2020/12/07/no-the-georgia-vote-counting-video-was-not-debunked-not-even-close/They are also doxxing  one of the poll workers and saying because she just turned down an interview without an attorney present. I can truly say without any doubt she should NOT speak to anyone without having a lawyer present. This poor women will  probably be harassed  the rest of her life just for being a poll worker.
*Republicans warn that bed they have been repeatedly shitting in has become completely un-sleepable*
How many times has Biden won Georgia now? I've lost count
I want to see the gop lose EVERYTHING. Every last republican is responsible for the state of America. All of them. Hold them accountable. Vote them out. Make them obsolete. If they have any small amount of power, they will abuse it again, turning this country into a money farm for only themselves while we all suffer. The gop is the confederacy in suits. Fuck em all.
There is no "drawn-out election" it's been over for weeks but the child we have in office is literally ripping apart our democratic system
It's groundhog day all over again
Trump was right; I am getting tired of all the winning, but I'm not getting tired of his losing yet.
Meanwhile there's a popular(enough to make it to front page on the app for me) thread on /r/conservative about a youtube video purporting to show fraud and every single comment endorses/believes it unflinchingly. No possibility of any other explanations are allowed and they have fully internalized the idea that the election was stolen. It is remarkable how quickly they just come to believe whatever Trump asks them to believe.
I'm definitely still not tired of all this winning.
This election is such an embarrassment. That Trump got so many votes is a clear sign of a severe education crisis
So basically it's count until I win
Honestly this country is going to fall. Almost half of our population is too stupid and racist to be rational.
Well I for one think that there was most certainly fraud that occurred during this election. It wasn't even hidden and it has been happening for years. The Republican party has been screwing Americans out of their right to vote for as long as I can remember and I have no doubt that voter fraud happened to try and ensure a Trump victory. That's why they are so pissed at losing because they cheated and still lost so they can't believe it.
The only reason the election is being drawn out is because of the GOP. This headline is hilariously ironic
The important thing is that our country do everything in it's power to not upset the right wing snowflakes with pesky things like FACTS, LOGIC and REALITY.
I hope this further solidies to all my republican friends how rigged this whole election is, and how voting in the run off isn't even worth it.
So much winning I'm getting sick of it!
Rest assured, this will be the third time we have won Georgia and we have become exceedingly efficient at it.
The nice thing is that this means Trump has lost 3 times now
Which means Loser Don lost Georgia for the 3rd time as well. I wonder if he ever gets tired of losing?
So, are we up to 400 EC votes for Biden, now?  How do we handle this, treat 2nd and 3rd Georgia as new states, or just repurpose some otherwise garbage EC votes from WV and KY?
Some people say Biden never lost. Those people would be the ones who are honest with themselves.
Should almost come with extra electoral votes if you win the recount.
Even the confederates didn't lose in Georgia that often!
Congratulations, indeed. I find it funny how trump claims fraud only in places where he lost. What a total dummy. We see through it.
But but but but "Suitcases" "ABC News" "Blonde haired woman with braids" "George Soros"....
They are still obsessed with Hillary's emails. They are going to live in a fantasy reality where Trump didn't lose by a landslide and is still president for the rest of their lives. They made him their entire personality.
It's also to keep his base fired up by outrage.  If you haven't browsed the conservative/Trump subs lately you have no idea just how convinced these people are that the whole election was a fraud. (oddly, everything was a fraud except when Republicans won)
It sounds like he's going to ~~fight~~ grift at least until January 20th. https://twitter.com/jason_meister/status/1335341890284244993
Idk if they are all dumb, but a majority of them live in this constant fear of anything that challenges their own ideology.That fear is what the GOP uses to get them to show up on election day.Two weeks ago they were literally crying about how we can't cancel Thanksgiving. They worked themselves into rage over something that never happened lol.
It's not that they are dumb (although a breathtaking percentage of them are) - it's more that a steady diet of capitalism and Randian philosophy has convinced them that selfishness is a virtue.
They are ignorant and proud of it.A reporter talked to Republicans who attended Trump's recent GA rally. They not only believe he legitimately won the election, but that he will win his case in court and get his second term.They also all said they would vote in the GA senate runoffs. They just want to pressure Kemp to overthrow the results.
They started becoming the party of anti-intellectualism in the mid-60s when they nominated Barry Goldwater and it's been going downhill ever since.
Don't come here and rub it in our faces! /s
Honestly, America falling apart into a collection of more coherent, less divisive, and less *powerful* states would probably go a long way in keeping humanity going. Really and truly, how much further ahead would science in California be if not for, I dunno, Iowa? No good comes from having the midwest stocked to the brim with nukes.
Cheer up, the next mass extinction is coming even if Democrats held all 3 branches of Government and AOC was President.
My my, just look at those comments:>We are on step 5/6. This has been in play for decades. Small changes over long periods of time. Conditioning of society. Moral decay. Indoctrination in our education system. Federal reserve. Uncoupling of our currency from gold. The New Deal. Welfare state. NSA. Nanny State. Uncontrolled debt. Unbalanced budget. Bias news. Control the narrative. COVID is the nail. The coffin has already been built.It has to take way more energy to believe this than to believe in an alien ship crashing near Roswell.  A multigenerational conspiracy involving...I dunno, billions of people, once you take into account Bretton Woods.
There's four types of posts there :Victim hood : being called racist is the real victim!Complaining about r/politics: Acting like they are civilized and kind and pointing out the chapotraphouse type comments here while completely ignoring...Fearmongering: Fear porn.  Libs are quite literally the CCP.  Your freedoms (whatever that means) are being taken away.  Libs are censors!  Cancel culture is ruining America.  Blah blah.  Lots of conspiracy theory shit in here too (they stole the election!) Hate: Seemingly contradictory to number 2, they call liberal people Satan, cheaters, say they should be kicked out of the country, traitors etc. I guess there's some posts calling for civility but they generally get attacked as not being "pure" enough.  It's quite literally insane.  I've been reading there more lately to try to understand their mindset and from what I can see it's purely just endless fear and victimhood.  Not a big surprise considering the direction Trump has taken them, it's just sad.  So many people are so quick to blame society for their own inadequacy while in the same sentence blaming others for not lifting themselves out of hard times.
They posted a link to The Federalist so they aren't the sharpest tools in the shed but they are tools.
So does anyone have analysis on this article? My take is that it's not "debunked" because the evidence such flimsy shit in the first place. Its grainy ass small video with very little identification. Poll workers in Georgia have every right to work without observers present. Note the article likes to suggest these observers who were kicked out are working when it seems they are just general members of the public.Confusion and weird messaging happens. There is a pipe burst/toilet over flow. Cutters finish up their job and go home. This all gets confused jn reporting while counting on already opened ballots continues like its legally required to. This isn't evidence of shit and doesn't need to be "debunked". You need to prove voter fraud first.
After the EC votes, they will attempt to have Congress raise an objection to the electors on the 14th. That is doomed to fail, since it requires a majority of both the House and the Senate to agree. After that, the next step is to persuade the Vice President to refuse to certify the results on January 6th. It's unclear whether he even has that authority, since he is simply certifying that the EC count is correct - not certifying the election itself. It's not really clear what will happen if he refuses, but most likely Biden will still be President since the EC will have voted for him.In the meantime, there will almost certainly be numerous pointless suits filed, most likely with SCOTUS, in an attempt to overturn the election or force a new vote. It's very unlikely that SCOTUS will even hear those challenges, since they will defer to the states.I also would absolutely not be surprised if Trump attempts to initiate martial law, or even issue an EO stating that he won the election. The military hates his guts and almost certainly will not agree to martial law, and he doesn't have the authority to overturn the election via EO, so both attempts will almost certainly fail. But these attempts will simply further embolden his idiot base, and it's pretty much guaranteed that there will be violent protests from the MAGA crowd.
This is why I was extra disappointed that Biden didn't have an overwhelmingly clear electoral blowout. Obviously we're all disappointed that so many people still support Trump, but the fact that it wasn't immediately obvious that Biden won, and significantly, was guaranteed to encourage and enable Trump's shenanigans.
but what about...IT'S...IT'S....BY GOD IT'S TRUMP WITH A STEEL CHAIR
It's downright malicious intent to destabilize our voting system.
as many times as trump has been married.
This will be the third time we have won it, and we have become exceedingly efficient at it.
Every day is election day. I can't keep track of time anymore.
The comment section on that Red State article is not having it.
collusion with the  spread of propaganda isn't the same as alleging fraud in our actual elections. they're literally implicating thousands of poll workers and officials in multiple states of actually colluding in the fraud (which is treason afaik, might as well hang em all), in a scheme so complex that it involved the people who operate the voting machines and still so immaculately pulled off that  no actual proof that has ever gone to courtedit: also, one of the reasons why we're probably so quick to try to dismiss this is that our president only cares about this non-existant fraud and we've had a million+ cases of covid since dec 1st. afaik, the only thing this president has even said about covid or control of it is to withold american citizens in the state of NY, which has what 20 million people, from getting the vaccine. how fucking presidental
Yeah, there's really no evidence of Trump colluding with Russia [apart from all the things like this stuff...](https://www.reddit.com/r/Keep_Track/comments/7u5k39/you_know_theres_really_no_evidence_of_trump/)
Because there is NOTHING, in fact, to back it up, Trump's lackeys have had how many shots to prove it in court and failed?  While the Mueller investigation brought out facts like Trump servents who lied to the FBI and got pardons etc, as well as the article linked below, read it, now read media not posted on Parlor about this election, there is no comparison between the two.
Because there was actual evidence then. If there were evidence now the numerous court cases would have presented some. Learn to think critically.
Boy, oh boy, oh boy....  has Fox News ever done a job on *you*.American intel community has overwhelmingly confirmed Russia's interference in the 2016 election. Meanwhile, Trump's feeble challenges to the 2020 election are getting absolutely clobbered in the courts for lack of evidence.
Why is it that only morons see the evidence and anyone who understands how anything at all works see only laughable nonsense? Any thoughts?
Because none of the evidence has been brought to court because the claimant knows it won't hold up.And if you think they are less deluded and brainwashed over at /r/conservative, I have a bridge to sell you.
It's pretty weird how all the evidence they supposedly have disappears as soon as they're under oath in court, you know, when there's actual consequences for lying.
I think whats even worse than that are the illiterate republicans still believing this [https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/12/05/bogus-suitcase-story-rolls-away-fox-news/](https://www.washingtonpost.com/opinions/2020/12/05/bogus-suitcase-story-rolls-away-fox-news/)
Lol yeah... The republicans running the election cheated in favor of Biden... Sure
There weren't any suitcases of ballots.  Why are you lying?
SO why isn't the trump campaign bringing this up is court? LOLHe's raised over 200 million from his sucker supporters. That's more than enough to file suit in GA and hire top flight attorneys.The reason is 25% goes to the dEeP sTaTe RNC and 75% goes right into trumps new PAC/pocket which means he can spend that on anything he wants. ANYTHING.So in other words trump is just lying to you and the rest of his supporters to steal your money.If you can't find the mark you are the mark. LOL
Imagine being that devoid of any intelligence that you'll still believe in fairytales like this.
There's [another clip](https://imgur.com/7PJlnES) that supports what you're saying.
Just look at as trump has lost three times now...  then you won't be so sick.... /s
> I'm getting sick of it!So is Rudy.
So Trump was actually right on something!(They used to say that even a stopped clock was right twice a day. But then clocks went digital, so if they stopped they were right once a day, or the display went dark.)
Ergo, Trump can fuck right off.
Does he really?  Thing is Cheeto knows he lost and never intended to overturn the results.  He raised how much?  Over 200 million dollars now?  Staggering amount of stupidity.  Probably spent 1% of it on the frivolous challenges?  The only people who continue to lose are 99% of American's who are not part of the wealthy 1%.  If his real intention is an outright coup we're not 100% in the clear on that yet.
"*You haven't lost if you didn't admit you lost.*"~Wayne Gretsky~Michael Scott~Donald Trump
It's vital for the unity of the country that Biden come up with a good plan to win Georgia for a fourth time
It's enough to send Trump three framed letters stating: "Thank you for your candidacy. We hereby inform you lost the Great State of Georgia."
Right. He only won it once. We just like to rub it in to trigger the snowflakes.
Did you send the money yet? Donald is counting on you! Don't let him down!
Has anything even come to light about the suitcases? All I've heard was they're supposedly the standard black box that ballots are always in. But has anyone explained why they were under the table? Is that common practice? Sorry if my questions sound dumb, but I'm not familiar with the process.
There *was* signature matching (two rounds of it in fact) but he's somehow claiming none of his volunteers were observing the signature matching as it was happening, even though that would be illegal [according to Georgia's state constitution](https://www.13wmaz.com/article/news/politics/elections/signature-matching-georgia-why-it-cant-be-done-again/85-7342e2b5-3ad9-49fa-ba5b-ae6b89957770) due to the "secret" nature of the ballots cast.Beyond that, somehow he's asking *only* for signature matching on absentee ballots even though *in person* voters also sign their names. Because Biden voters voted by mail in much higher numbers, it's a blatant attempt to decrease Biden's vote share. Put his people in the room and it'll be weeks of them hand matching ballots and his supporters raising objections on EVERY SINGLE ballot with the slightest problem.
The fact is that the machines are fine.  They haven;t been "hacked".   There are processes in each state to validate these machines.  It isn't as simple minded as these conspiracy hacks make it out to be.  Finally the real fraud has been voter suppression, dismantling of the USPS capabilities in coordination with changing state laws on ballot deadline all during a COVID pandemic.  They closed polling places in democratic areas too.The real truth is the turn out was massive and republicans are pissed they failed at stealing the election.  That is projection.The swings states noted were won with no more than Trump won them the last time.  The votes that shifted were predictable and republicans knew it.  The even sensed the problem months in advance.  That is why in July they were trying to break the USPS.They are just pissed their attack on the system failed and no Democrats can't coordinate across 6 states to steal an election under 6 different systems involving so many people in the process.
Yeah, that reminded me of this articlehttps://www.independent.co.uk/news/world/americas/us-election-2020/election-results-trump-king-george-b1763487.htmlJust imagine him sitting there muttering to himself like a crazy person. Because he is a crazy person.
Well, he did say that they hereby claim,  so it sounds and must be official.
Reminds me so much of "I declare bankruptcy!" Although Michael Scott would have made a much better president.
Tbh, it doesn't matter if he actually thinks he's going to win or not. He knows that bowing out would be worse than going without a fight for his image and to his base it gives him more legitimacy. Now we know the next 4 years will be filled with "they stole the election from me, let's take it back in 2024 and they'll never get to do it again" from him. If he'll continue to have the same cult while outside the presidency is something to be considered though.
The people on those subs are all "red pill" (yes, toilet meth comes in red pill form now) reddit incels.  They're all about how reality isn't real and it's just what they believe that matters.  I mean, they borrow their core philosophical framework from a 90s action scifi movie, so it's not the highest quality shit.  But, it allows them to both KNOW that they're full of shit, and still believe that if they believe they AREN'T that somehow they'll just suddenly know kung fu.  Politics for morons isn't a science, it's just about loudly shouting your feelings.You have to remember, these are the same people that saw Trump win in 2016.  They had the same dumpster logic back then, but lo and behold, it WORKED.  I can assure you, they've spent every day since Trumps election redoubling their fervent belief that they were going to get laid.  Sadly, Trump has lost, and they're going to die a virgin.  Neither of those things are changing.
We can reasonably expect that the GOP won't acknowledge Biden until after **Jan 6**, which is when Electoral College votes are tabulated by Congress.  And, actually, a couple of idiot Congressmen plan to challenge the votes, so it'll be a few more days after that.https://www.cnbc.com/2020/11/10/heres-when-the-results-of-the-2020-election-will-be-finalized.html
[But they're not hurting the people they need to be hurting](https://thehill.com/blogs/blog-briefing-room/news/424263-trump-supporter-complains-shutdown-is-not-hurting-the-people-he)
When the numbers started coming in that covid was killing minorities at a higher rate they started pushing for opening everything as fast as possible.
I lost a long time friend last week, simply because he found out i didn't vote for trump.
While I agree in theory, that does create the issue of people like me, who live in more conservative areas (SC in my case), but are much more liberal, but are unable to afford to move across the country, or can't leave loved ones behind due to illness, childcare, etc.
To be absolutely honest folks the "next" mass extinction is already underway. We're not in a position to prevent it anymore, only to mitigate just how bad this is going to be.
It has to be exhausting to be that unhealthily paranoid every day. I wonder what the root of it is for each individual, but they're unlikely to ever talk to a therapist.
The use of phrases without context is common with right wingers and schizophrenics.
Did this person skip the day of elementary school they taught how to use complete sentences instead of fragments?
Part of it is the media they consume, for sure. I've noticed over the past year especially that while the actual media covers the government and examines everything they do, the media on the right keeps pitting *people* against each other. It's not just covering what politicians do. *Everyone* who votes for Democrats is trying to destroy your life, take away your guns, kill God, ban religion, make your kids transgender, burn and loot your neighborhood, make your kids racist against white people... it's crazy. They really stoke that division on a personal level. No wonder they're so afraid. We're the boogyman now, because we're monsters.
Rush Limbaugh kept saying "the pipe burst was a leaking toilet, AND DEMS CANT PRODUCE A WORK ORDER OR RECEIPT!!!"Im just imagining  the building maintenance guy shaking his head thinking "who the fuck am I going to write a work order to, and invoice  for work I did?, using repair parts we keep in stock and probably  bought 3 years ago"
That's the real problem with trying to disprove something that has no evidence. There is nothing to disprove; there is no base to take out from under them. They just state things and we're like "ok but do you have like evidence" and they're like "THIS DENIAL IS JUST PROOF OF THE DEEPSTATE CONSPIRACY"
Exactly. There's nothing of any substance in that Federalist article, just making more mountains out of truly insignificant molehills in order to cast more shadows over the outcome. As always, endless accusations and no evidence.
The saga of this video is just fascinating.If somebody said to you that poll workers in Georgia were kicking out observers and then pulling out cases full of fraudulent ballots to count, you wouldn't pay any attention to them.If somebody showed you this video without context, you'd just say, OK, there's a bunch of people doing something in a room, and?But *put the two together* and suddenly people start to think you might have something! Even though the video tells you nothing, meaning the claim is still presented without evidence, people act like the video gives it merit.Lesson: you can legitimize *anything* by attaching it to a video and just saying that the video shows what you're claiming.
> possibly someone with the GA election board, should give a statementYou should look up what the (all Republican) supervisor of elections, Attorney General, and Secretary of State said about 'that video'. I'll spoil it for you; there was nothing underhanded happening in that very short clip that was so widely publicized. They didn't actually send everybody home, one group of workers left and the election observers said "WELP TIME TO GO HOME BOYZ". This information is widely available.
That would kill Loeffler &Perdue's chances.  The backlash if the Senate does not overwhelming accept the electoral college results, would be a nightmare.  I don't even want to imagine what would happen.  I guess Trump would be happy though in his own twisted, sick way.
Good way to get President Pelosi.
The fact there are so many steps to certifying the Presidency is kind of ridiculous. *Why* does Congress and the current VP have to certify? Why can't we collectively say the votes are in and be done with it?
Wouldn't it be Biden with the steel chair in this scenario?
you should get your hearing checked.
Well, there were bins of them, but they were just bins of ballots that had not been counted yet.
It might have taken 28 years for the Democrats to win Georgia, but they've now won it three times in a row.
You put the /s, but the idea of Trump being told time and time again that he still lost, still brings me enormous amounts of joy.
Hugo Chavez's ghost in the dominion voting machines changed the votes. It's so obvious./s
Look up the GA election officials press conference from this morning.
So has Trump. He claimed it was rigged before the 2016 election. Then he started claiming fraud, and how he'd actually totally won the popular vote if it weren't for the illegal votesLike someone would bother to rig an election and still lose the electoral college
Nope, he has to say "[I declare it](https://www.kapwing.com/explore/i-declared-it-meme-maker)".
At what point does it stop being "donations from followers" and start being "theft from morons?" I feel like we gotta be pretty damn close at this point.
Never underestimate a narcissist's capacity for self-delusion.
He would have sent Seal Team Six all the way to Pakistan to find Bin Laden, but then end up shooting Toby twice.
From their perspective you'd be crazy not to think the whole election was a fraud - dead voters, more votes than registered voters, machines switching ballots, employees ordering out the poll watchers then being caught on camera pulling out hidden fake ballots...these can't all be made up!Yes, yes they can.  100 lies shouldn't be any more believable than 1 lie.  "Well, even if only 10% of this is true, that's a major scandal!"  Ya, but if you're willing to accept that 90% of this is bullshit, what are the odds the other 10% is true?  If your girlfriend/boyfriend cheated on you a dozen times, are you going to believe them when they deny the 13th time?
The whole thing screams of projection.
A couple congresspeople challenged the Trump electors in 2016. Ironically it was Biden who shut them down (the VP is President of the Senate) -- because all challenges must be submitted in writing and signed by both a rep and a senator -- and not one single senator would sign on.Let me know when a senator is talking this shit and then we can take it seriously.
I don't think they can challenge any electoral votes where the results were certified by 12/8; that is the meaning of the Safe Harbor clause in the Electoral Count Act. But even if I'm mistaken about that since Democrats hold the house they won't be able to reject anything and they should wrap it up on 1/6. My guess is Senators will be told by Mitch not to object because probably they would lose outright on the Senate floor, we'd only need 2 defectors. My guess is "Stop the Steal" doesn't end on 1/6 though. Certainly Trump will not want to Stop The Fundraising.
That phrase is probably the entire key to understanding the current GOP voter.
That's not the kind of friend you need to have around. I'm sure it's still a fresh wound but, if they don't come around later and realized how childish they're being then you're better off, trust me.
It's hard to lose friends because of political biases. Trumpism and its cult-like existence is corrupting our friends & family to the point where they're willing to break lifelong bonds. I'm truly heartbroken for you. Stay strong, and keep those with unconditional love as close to you as possible.
I dropped one of mine after election day because I said half the country's voters was officially racist, corrupt and misogynistic and he took offense to that because he voted for trump.
The adjustment on an increase in personal taxes is offset by not having to pay private premiums. It many of the calculations I have seen it would come out cheaper in the long run.
Don't give up hope brother. I'm in VA and have witnessed first hand that places can change and that the people are in power, you just have to be informative. Spread proper information, support your local officials, go to rallies vote in every race you can. Change starts from the bottom up, and as easy as it can be to be cynical and down in this shit storm of a time line, you can help make SC better before you know it.
Iowa is 7th in beef production and account for a measly 4.13% of the total US cattle. Around 10% of their corn and 70% of their wheat production goes to cattle feed. California has 1.3 million more cattle than Iowa. Considering that the acreage equivalent of all of North and South America is used to feed and raise the worlds cattle I would say it is the one meat that we humans should consume less of. It is a massive contributor to green house gases and massive waste of land and resources.    Losing Iowa wouldn't really matter in this context.
School?!?!  Don't get me started.  It's a plan that goes into play over decades of your life.  Small changes in lesson plans over long periods of time.  Conditioning in gym class.  First grade.  Second grade.  Third grade.  Detentions.  Honor roll.  Oceans.  Dolphins.  China.  Your diploma is the nail.  The coffin has already been built.
There is a valid place for deplatforming people who have extremely harmful or bullshit views. It's why legitimate universities don't host flat-earthers or climate change deniers or anti-vaxxers or white supremacists to speak.
She was retweeting propaganda and conspiracy theories.Politics is not a blanket for protecting everything someone says or does. Simply, actions have consequences.  People shouldn't do stupid shit and. then they won't face the consequences. Cancel culture is just boogeyman words for "saying words or performing unwanted actions has consequences",  and I agree that it goes too far sometimes.  But in my opinion it doesn't go far enough in others.
Serious question, can a Senate just say that they don't accept it? If so, what then?
Sure, the people screaming it now would be screaming it then, too. We've known for 4 years they'd be calling fraud even if he won.But with a more substantial win, they'd convince fewer people on the edges.
No it's a "Bernie can still win" meme but for Trump
Redditor who makes dumbass right-wing "point" retreats to what he thinks centrism is. More at 11.
Well Steven Crowder is an intellectual muppet. If that's a reliable source to you, then you are far enough gone that very little of reddit will agree with you.
Fingers crossed for the fourth and fifth wins in January
Kinda funny when you strip it down to it's core like that.  Fake billionaire needs your money to fight the radical left who wants to tax real billionaires more and improve your quality of life!  Way to fight the good fight ya bunch of lemmings!
Biden won, and he will be sworn in next year. The end.
Oh we're getting the taco stands on every corner now?
Here is a link to the presser for others: https://www.11alive.com/article/news/politics/elections/georgia-election-news-live-blog-dec-7/85-885855bd-4702-49ad-a50b-1af749a1174aEdit: [Direct video link if desired](https://11alive.com/embeds/video/85-7efa1487-547a-4299-8dc1-27d18c89ef8e/iframe?jwsource=cl).
There wasn't that big of a difference to begin with, imho.
>Yes, yes they can.  100 lies shouldn't be any more believable than 1 lie.10,000 frogs will never equal one hamster, no matter how hard you squeeze them together
> My guess is "Stop the Steal" doesn't end on 1/6 though. It will become "Reverse the Steal" or something equally stupid.
>...in the long runAnd there's the problem. These people can't understand how paying 100$ now to fix an issue will prevent a 1000$ bill 5 years from now. They hear "higher taxes" and scream about socialism bc all they know is buzzwords and how to be afraid.
Yep.   The south is my home & it's hard to have a voice if you aren't "sitting at the table" so to speak... Be the change you want to see. That's my quota for tidbits of wisdom... Now I can go back to being a sarcastic jackwagon.
In these crazy times, anything is possible.  It would certainly not be the first time that the Senate has not straight away certified the electoral vote.  But I would expect that someone has to the be the President on 1/20/2020 at 12:01pm and if the Senate and House can't certify, then say hello to President Pelosi.
To my understanding, *both* the House and Senate must contest the results to prevent Biden from winning, and the House is Dem-controlled so no way they will do that. Some senators (like Mitt Romney) have already acknowledged Biden's win, so I highly doubt the Senate will contest the results either.Contesting the results in the Senate will set a dangerous precedent: can Congress unilaterally overthrow the will of the people? I suspect it would go to court and the answer would be "no".Finally, there is no way to install Trump if the results are contested. Pelosi, being the next in line, will become President, something Rs don't want either.
And then a sixth and seventh when those are contested.
Well, not just that, when ballots are received the signatures are verified and then separated from the ballots to preserve privacy. There's no way to associate a possible invalid signature with a ballot.The best bet is to totally invalidate the election by showing a vast majority of invalid signatures vs invalidating any specific ballot.
No, unfortunately that was only if *Hilary* won.    We had our chance for widespread taco distribution, and we let it slip through our fingers by a narrow EC margin.
We trust everyone else more than Trump and "everyone else" holds the keys to Trump's presidency, not the president himself. If the states (especially Republican legislatures) were playing ball with the president's claims, we might have had a reason to be worried, but they're not.
You see the thing with him was we had civil conversations and I really thought he had turned a leaf and was going to abstain from voting because he simply couldn't defend all the stuff trump was doing.Then turns around and votes for trump. I gave up. Screw him, just some old friend from HS who I never see in real life. Easily forgotten.
That is correct. Please feel free to convince me otherwise. I am happy to review whatever sources you can provide but it will be difficult because as you might recall Obama left the white house after his term ended and transitioned in full cooperation with a person who I guarantee he thinks is one of the worst people he's ever been forced to interact with. Dictators don't just happily walk away from power.
Businesses are beholden to consumer interests and demands. If a business stands to lose money because their clients aren't interested, then they will change their product to maintain sales. It's not cancel culture if fans are not interested in seeing a Brexit or Trump supporter - Caine and Carino are not entitled to endearment by fans.
The funny thing is, it isn't anything new.  People used to get cancelled for associating with black people. And probably still do sadly.
But the difference is there was actual collusion with Russia. So that's kind of a moot point.
> But I would expect that someone has to the be the President on 1/20/2020 at 12:01pm and if the Senate and House can't certify, then say hello to President Pelosi.I explained this to a conservative co-worker who already hates Pelosi and I could see the conspiracy gears turning in her head.
I think the maga-heads' intention is to take the total number of signature mismatches and subtract that from Biden's count.
That is so devious.  She will be tearing her hair out looking for the conspiracy.
I honestly don't think it's all that complicated. It's just, "it's a democrat so it doesn't count". As in, "just call the election for Trump and be done with it."
Only Drumpf supporters actually believe this kind of horseshit. It's over. He lost and will soon slime his way to Florida, where he'll golf and tweet stupid shit until the state of New York requests extradition.
This is the part where you keep asking me questions without answering mine right? I'll happily debate this with you if you can provide any justification for calling Obama an authoritarian in the first place. Until then the burden of proof is on you.
'The deep state has convinced Trump there's widespread fraud so he'll latch onto it like a bulldog and bog things down until Pelosi *has* to be sworn in! They know how Trump operates, knows that's what he'll do, so they'll arrange it so that happens! This is a long con to get Pelosi in as president! WHY CAN'T ANYONE SEE THAT!'
Its this.  Trump's cult believes he won 410 electoral votes, to include WA, OR, & CA.They think he actually won in an overwhelming landslide on November 3rd.
Wait, they think he won the West Coast? The States they, and he, have constantly shit on? I wish I had their imaginations capacity lol
There is a clear challenge in there to prove your assertion that Obama is an authoritarian. I look forward to a meaningful response. Your assertion that I am hostile is classic conservative projection.
Good points; you have convinced me not to vote for Obama.
Not being hostile. I agree with you. Obama did a bunch of things that were illegal or at the very least highly unethical.I did not vote for Joe Biden in the democratic primary. I don't believe he is a good candidate for president either. I do believe he would allow for a peaceful transition of power if he loses in 2024 which is incredibly important for the stability of our country.Most politicians are assholes so I usually am forced to vote for the ones who have done less terrible things or have less terrible plans. Unfortunately I am faced often with two pretty bad choices. Joe Biden was associated with an administration that did some truly awful shit but it all pales in comparison to things that Trump has done even just in the past 6 months.  His most recent coup attempt is one of the most blatantly antidemocratic actions a person could possibly take.It is not required to support any of these people.  I can think Trump is an asshole without thinking that Biden or Obama are good people.  I can and do despise both Trump and Hillary Clinton too.  It is not an effective strategy to try to convince me that Trump is a good person by naming other shitty people.  It does not make Trump less of a wannabe dictator to point out that there are other wannabe dictators.
This is like the end of a basketball game where the last 26 seconds take 25 minutes because the losing team keeps fouling.
We'd like to lose the same race one more time, please.
This is the 83rd time Joe Biden has won the 2020 election. There's gonna be so much winning, you're gonna be so tired of it.
A waste of time.  All to satisfy Trumps ego.  Sad.
If we had a drinking game for every time Biden wins GA, wed all be alcoholics.
>Raffensperger says he's been personally pressured by fellow Republicans to personally intervene and overturn the results of the election. why the fuck are we not calling this what it is?
6 million dollars is a lot of money to help a loser argue balls and strikes.Remember my fellow Georgians that Perdue and Loeffler are the same as Trump.  They align themselves with this cause and indeed all of his causes of their own volition, so if Trump is a problem they are the same problem.
"Never before in the field of human politics has one man lost one election so many times."\-Winsome Quotehill.
Has anyone considered that Trumps claims of voter fraud are because he himself engaged in fraud?  That's why he is so vehement about it, because he cheated and still lost so the dems must have cheated more or better. It makes sense in a narcissistic way
We should start adding Electoral College votes every time Biden wins a recount.
How many times does one have to win the election before they win the election?
Trump always said "You will be tired of winning." I never expected this is what he meant.
So Ronald Dump loses 4 times in GA alone?    Nice.
This is the best tl;dr I could make, [original](https://www.kxxv.com/news/election-2020/georgia-to-re-certify-election-results-after-a-second-recount-upheld-bidens-win) reduced by 53%. (I'm a bot)*****> Of State Brad Raffensperger said that the state would re-certify the election results in the state Monday after a machine recount upheld president-elect Joe Biden&#039;s win in the state.> Raffensperger also criticized those who continue to doubt the results of the 2020 presidential election in the state, saying that the push to overturn the results was &quot;Hurting the state."> Georgia has counted ballots in the presidential election three times - the initial count, a full election audit and hand recount, which was done at Raffensperger&#039;s request, and a machine recount which was held a the request of the Trump campaign.*****[**Extended Summary**](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/k8jan4/georgia_to_recertify_election_results_after_a/) | [FAQ](http://np.reddit.com/r/autotldr/comments/31b9fm/faq_autotldr_bot/ "Version 2.02, ~544620 tl;drs so far.") | [Feedback](http://np.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%23autotldr "PM's and comments are monitored, constructive feedback is welcome.") | *Top* *keywords*: **State**^#1 **election**^#2 **Raffensperger**^#3 **results**^#4 **presidential**^#5
I live in Georgia and I'm getting sick of this shit this costs us millions of dollars every time this whiny Orange idiot does this he needs to shut the fuckup and go away
I don't know about the rest of you, but I distinctly remember the Republicans calling Democrats a "bunch of crybabies and losers" in 2016 after Trump won. Now, they expect us to not say a word when THEY are the ones acting like a bunch of spoiled, entitled brats? I would never have thought that adults would act like the GOP are today, yet here we are. That racist rapist in our White House needs to leave ASAP, for the good of the world.
So far the best theory I have read is the trump campaign is apply trying to get as many donations as possible out of his supporters. Which has already been widely publicized, that he can basically do whatever he wants to do with that money. The count that has been raised is around $200 million since election day and $500 million since October.I feel like this will go on as long as large amounts of money are flowing into the coffers. Once it looks like there is no way (to trump's base) that he actually won reelection, he'll tell them it was a good run and fly off with all that cash. Only two things matter to trump loyalty and money. It's really sad to see so many people holding on to the delusion, that we was cheated. I wish more republicans would speak out, but none will because they are a fraud of his base.
Lol just waiting for r/conservative to somehow twist this again.
Let's just be clear that the state of Georgia has counted THREE times. The initial count, the hand count and audit, and now machine count...all showing Biden won. I think Georgian's should also realize they are paying for the recounts the republicans are pressuring the state for.
Is there a limit on how many times you can win the same contest?
Bill Murray has entered the chat.
In that case, I will NOT be voting for loeffler or perdue.
One for Martin. Two for Martin.  Want me to count again?
Guys, I'm starting to think Bernie might not have a chance.
....and yet the lt gov. still throws shade at the Biden win, "...just not enough election fraud to overturn..."   Yep, you heard that right, ..."not enough..." there was some, but not enough to cheat against 12000 votes.   Look out senate runoff, they are focused on cheating here instead.
But instead of the game being 2 points apart it's 45
I liken it to the losing team challenging the spot of the ball 3 consecutive times on the final 3 kneel downs of a football game.
Then calls out the refs... Then calls out the league... Then leaves the league and joins a new league.
[Trump about to float his command center to the corner of the map](https://twitter.com/nathanias/status/1324505208160923653?s=19) -Nov 5 tweet
It has been another debunked video where people make accusations based on video footage that does not represent what they say it does.
We need a Youtube channel showing why all of his lawsuits are fraudulent, and he is using faked videos for election fraud. Furthermore, how is it not illegal in court??
The old man in our office has switched to OANN running in his office all day from Fix News since the election. I walked past his office just now, and it's still "ELECTION FRAUD HAS NEVER BEEN THIS RAMPANT!!11!!1!!111"There must be profit in willful denial.
We have to overturn an entire election, won by 7 million votes because my facebook friend says he has a video somewhere that proves fraud.  Haven't seen it yet, but it sounds pretty damning.  /s
Cant stand how many of them keep saying that they see them scanning ballots multiple times like it means something. Its incredibly probable each of those ballots has an ID so the machine won't tabulate its results twice and its not hard to imagine having to scan a ballot twice to make sure the machine tabulates it correctly, since your average American teenager fails at filling out scantrons correctly.
I asked some conservatives what it would take for them to accept the outcome.There's only one thing they'd accept, a unanimous ruling by the SC that there's no fraud and the election is legit. Anything short of that (merely ruling there's no evidence of fraud, non-unanimous decisions, dismissal, declining to hear, etc) they said wouldn't be enough.Of course, courts would never rule there is "no fraud", just that "there's no sufficient evidence of fraud", which means the conservatives will never accept it.
Lost recounts and lawsuits do not matter to them. Don't even think for a second that they believe their own fraud narratives. What *does* matter to r/Conservative right now is that they undermine and debase our democratic institution as much as they can right now. Turn as many trump supporters and republicans at larger away from the idea of free and fair democratic elections as they can. Convince as many people as possible as they can that our elections do not work and are compromised by an unseen enemy. This feeds and grows a belief in the need for an autocratic ruler. And in turn, waters the seeds of fascism anew. So that when the next trump does arrive, they have an even larger, more zealous base than they do now.One that is very willing to act on future violent overtures.
>How many recounts and lawsuits does Trump have to lose before conservatives all accept the results I wonder.He could lose lawsuits and recounts until the heat death of the universe and not lose his fanclub, as long as he has a soapbox he will be their only source of "truth".
B-b-b-but they just keep recounting all those illegal vote! Uh...Dominion...Buttery Males!Take away the conspiracy theories and Trump supporters are left with nothing but their dogged boot licking of the 1%. Their brains can't handle that, thus the revolving door of conspiracy theories.
They're arguing right now that these cases are all getting thrown out on "slim technicalities" because no lower court wants the bad press of reversing a state's election.TIL that a complete lack of evidence can be considered a "slim technicality".
They won't ever accept the results. Once Biden is inaugurated, they'll be convinced that the United States has a broken voting system.
Until a recount shows that Trump won, they will **never** accept the results. They are psychologically incapable of even imagining a situation where Trump legitimately lost. The critical thinking level required would essentially be psychic death.Biden is going to be president and Trump's base will live the rest of their lives with a deep conviction that Trump really won.
God people on this sub are sad and beyond pathetic. Literally conservatives will call fraud on anything that doesn't fulfill their little selfish desires
I've seen many of them talking about ballots in China being printed and sent to this country.
Are they still going on about the video where a box of ballots is pulled out from under a table, like counting ballots in a ballot-counting room is somehow proof of fraud?
For some, there's no limit. They won't respect the results of a Biden win no matter what happens. For most, this is probably it. They might hold out hope that something will be proven at a later date, but most Republicans will accept the writing on the wall and harbor a bit of resentment. By the way, don't conflate "conservative" with "Republican". While almost all conservatives are Republican, very few Republicans are conservative.
I can answer this. Long enough for the Trump campaign to pay back all their debt. Most of the current donations are going to paying old debt.
That's just it, the GOP has abandoned democracy.After years of increasing voter suppression and dirty tricks the GOP went all out to steal 2020, and we still voted Trump out.
That "smoking gun" consists of a single hour of no-audio timelapse footage at the end of a day, with one of Trump's people miraculously narrating what went on in it and what everyone was saying.The voting implementation manager (a republican), chief investigator for Georgia Secretary of state, and another [all reviewed the materials](https://leadstories.com/hoax-alert/2020/12/fact-check-video-from-ga-does-not-show-suitcases-filled-with-ballots-pulled-from-under-a-table-after-poll-workers-dismissed.html) and events and confirmed nothing out-of-the-ordinary was happening in it. The private parties outed in that video by Trump's people and then legions of republicans as committing criminal acts to secure Biden's victory should sue them all for slander and defamation.
Stop! I can only get so elect!
You know those concerts where the audience wants a second encore and the band just starts playing their experimental songs because they've blown through their popular playlist? That's what this is starting to feel like.
I was tired of winning weeks ago. It's absolutely insane that this is still going on. I hated humans before. I loathe them now as this has shown just how completely stupid they are. The craziest part of it all is that Trump is not attractive, well spoken, or smart, and is a painfully bad liar. You'd think if people wanted to support a wannabe dictator they'd at least go for a well spoken, attractive, capable liar. Shit. I'd even be a little more okay if he was at least normal looking. But his orange face and hair alone should be a warning sign to people but... No.
And to line his pockets with "legal fund" donations from his gullible idiots.
Does the state have to pay for all this recounting ?
The time and money wasted is completely irrelevant, compared to the complete undermining of trust in elections that he's caused. Democracy doesn't exist unless the people in it trust it. I seriously doubt that the damage he's done here will ever be undone. Tens of millions of people and their children will forever think that every race they personally lose, was orchestrated by fraud.
He does seem to enjoy losing! How many times has Biden won now? I've lost track
My pandemic liver is way ahead of you bud
It seems like after the 2018 election there, Stacy Abrams and others forced a cleaner election this time.  Makes you wonder how close GA has really been but it's been hidden by voter suppression.  I think a combination of changing demographics and cleaner elections pushed this.
The difference between GA and the rest of the Bible Belt is that GA has a booming economy and areas with high economic activity tend to be more democratic. I love how the Republicans who take credit for the US economy ignore that most of the Economic growth is the US is in blue areas. TX is the one outlier but it is quickly becoming blue as it tries to diversify outside of oil.
It was probably our old voting machines that kept it red.  You'd tap your vote on the screen and it was saved to a mystery card that was handed to a polling worker.  They uploaded it and then reused the card.  Exactly how Kemp probably won the election, before the data could be reviewed he had all the data wiped.I was highly skeptical about the new machines, especially since Kemp picked them and certified them, but they are much more transparent.  You now tap away on a screen and when you're done a paper ballot appears with all the votes in plain English.  Along with a sketch QR that decodes into binary, but we'll hope that is okay.
Atlanta metro area is one of the biggest metro areas in the country. All states with large metros are trending blue
It's the new Hollywood; it's brought tons of entertainment industry into the area.
And you can't even use the argument that Loeffler is the candidate "you'd like to have a beer with" because she's clearly a robot and consuming liquid would likely cause her to malfunction.  Either that or she's the most lifeless, personality-less human on the planet.  What the fuck was that debate performance?
Strangely hadn't thought of this. Makes a lot of sense actually. 'You mean I paid Russia 10 mil and we still lost???' what's another 6mil gonna hurt. Lol
Their egos can never be soothed. Their beliefs are contrary to reality. This is the source of much of their violence.
The really sad thing is that for the rest of our lives one of Trump's idiot children will think they should run for elected office.
Yeah, that quote pulled from the context sounds bad.Here is the full quote:""We've never found systemic fraud -- not enough to overturn the election. We have over 250 cases right now ... but right now we don't see anything that would overturn, you know, the will of the people here in Georgia"In that context, what he he saying is that even if the 250 cases actually turn out to be fraud, it is not enough to overturn the election. They have probably found some one offs where an individual committed some fraud just like many elections.No one has said there is no fraud. Fraud is rare and tends to involve a very small number (usually 1) but it does happen.
Upholding democracy.. so incompetent. They should support this wannabe dictator like real Americans!
Your question assumes facts not in evidence.
There is no rampant voter fraud so never.
The governor already said it was impossible. The reason people think there was fraud is 100% because of the president and his enablers.
Its literally impossible.  The ballots themselves aren't signed because then you break the law of anonymity of voting.  The envelopes containing the ballots had the signatures which they check originally.  There's no way to go back and check them again.
There were no hidden cases of ballots. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h-9jFuieH_UBallots were placed into a regulation ballot box and sealed on plain view before being stored under a table. The video that the Trump campaign released was selectively edited. Basically, any time someone politically motivated releases a short clip rather than raw footage, you should be skeptical. In other words, they did investigate it by watching the rest of the video and, lo and behold, there was no wrongdoing.
If you'd view actual news sources, you'd know that your video doesn't show hidden cases at all. Conspiracy theorists on youtube are less journalistic than actual journalists. If you want to avoid the opinion shows, avoid those.https://www.cbs17.com/news/national-news/surveillance-video-of-suitcases-filled-with-ballots-breeds-false-fraud-claims-in-georgia/
So a vast complicated international conspiracy involving algorithms to switch votes allows video of cases of fraudulent ballots? You cannot be serious.
If a court accepts it as such. No court has.
Neither does Trump or his legal team lol
I'll admit that I don't, but what I do know is that Trump and other conservatives filing suits trying to alter the results of the election have [lost 47 times and won 1](https://twitter.com/marceelias/status/1336029368527761409?s=20). If you know anything about lawsuits, do you know when they plan to start winning?
And what's your point it's still not going to change the election results .
Yourself included, great job.  What a weird guy...
If there's concerns about the security of the election, why aren't people taking about how the Senate refused to pass election security bills that were passed in the house?
There is nothing that will get Trump supporters to trust the outcome of this election.
I know it's CNN and you might be hesitant to read it but this article explained pretty well why a signature audit wouldn't overturn the election like conservatives want it to. It also mentions that the Georgia Secretary of State has no power to order such an audit, and that it would need to be done by a court - so the Trump campaign would probably need to convince a court with some evidence that such an audit is necessary.https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/02/politics/georgia-signature-audit-fact-check/index.html>According to Georgia's secretary of state, when the absentee ballot is initially received, the envelope that contains the voter's signature is examined. If the absentee ballot was requested by mail, this is the second signature verification, as the voter's signature was first checked when the application was received. If the absentee ballot was requested online, a photo ID was required and the signature is verified once the ballot was received.Once the signature is verified as matching the signature on file, the ballot that contains the marked vote but not any identifying information is separated from the envelope that contains the identity of the voter and the voter's signature. This is by design to protect voter privacy.However, that means if an absentee ballot envelope is found during a signature audit to have a signature that does not match what is on record, there is no way of tying that voter to a specific ballot. It is impossible to find out if a rejected ballot would subtract a vote from Trump or President-elect Joe Biden.Therefore, Raffensperger said one option would be to "call every single voter, and have them come in to cure" or review and fix any issues with their ballots. Otherwise, the President and his allies are ostensibly relying on the hope that a judge would throw out ALL absentee ballots in a given county with a high rate of signature match issues.
They've literally done an audit, a hand recount, and a "evil Dominion machine" recount, every one showed the exact same results.How many audits and recounts are Trump supporters gonna pay for before giving up?
Lol...you signed your ballot?Edit: for clarity, you don't sign your ballot, you sign the envelope the ballot is placed in.  And for in person voting, you don't sign that either.  So how the hell can you confirm the signatures on ballots, when there aren't any?
and IF that somehow happened, where would you then place the goalposts? What would be the next bandwagon of "this one will surely change the obvious will of the people this time!!!"
Thankfully the Georgia election process already has several security steps to make sure mail or absentee ballots are secure, real and identified before they are counted. >According to Georgia's secretary of state, when the absentee ballot is initially received, the envelope that contains the voter's signature is examined. If the absentee ballot was requested by mail, this is the second signature verification, as the voter's signature was first checked when the application was received. If the absentee ballot was requested online, a photo ID was required and the signature is verified once the ballot was received.Once the signature is verified as matching the signature on file, the ballot that contains the marked vote but not any identifying information is separated from the envelope that contains the identity of the voter and the voter's signature. This is by design to protect voter privacy.However, that means if an absentee ballot envelope is found during a signature audit to have a signature that does not match what is on record, there is no way of tying that voter to a specific ballot. It is impossible to find out if a rejected ballot would subtract a vote from Trump or President-elect Joe Biden.https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/02/politics/georgia-signature-audit-fact-check/index.html
You had high hopes for a short-tempered, tax dodging, con-man who has bankrupted everything he's ever touched?
> middle of the night under the table suitcase ballotsThat bullshit claim was debunked an hour after it started making the rounds.
We won't overlook it if the Trump team can prove it happened in a court of law under threat of perjury.
Voting in the United States is secret, you can't see how someone voted.  Also, there is no suitcase vote count fraud, only people seeing what they want to see.
Of every state? Or just where Trump lost?
what do you mean by forensic audit
From the article:>Georgia has counted ballots in the presidential election three times - the initial count, **a full election audit** and hand recount, which was done at Raffensperger's request, and a machine recount which was held a the request of the Trump campaign.You fucking crybabies. Get with it morons, I won't judge you for being sad but I will judge you for willingly ignoring the facts.
Don't you think republican state officials over the last 100 years have thought of safe guards against injecting 100,000 fake ballots?The hand count , the canvas I'm pretty sure they have thought about this
Wait I thought pollsters were not credible?
Just another bullshit article and video describing a bullshit viewpoint. Biden won, seriously, just accept it. And even if there was fraud, Trump needs to be careful, might turn out more if the fraud supported him. Trumps just a sore loser
This is a lie about the election - come unite with us as we help President Biden end the pandemic and rebuild the economy that Trump has left in shambles
Seriously though. Biden stole this election by getting more votes. Wake up sheeple!
Keep dreaming ... Trump lost, it's time to face reality. There is a reason that even Trump-appointed judges are throwing out the cases because they have no merit due to no credible evidence being presented. Keep in mind that in court, Trump's lawyers, including Rudy, [are saying something very different](https://time.com/5914377/donald-trump-no-evidence-fraud/) than what's being said outside of court because they don't want to be disbarred or sanctioned for lying.  It's all smoke and mirrors with no substance...
There is no evidence of fraud. How can you still not fucking get that?! By now about 50 (!!!) fucking lawsuits have been thrown out of court by both democrat and republican judges and you still repeat the same bullshit! What the hell?!I'm so tired of it this shit. Especially since it's so fucking easy to get to this bottom of this. Maybe, just maybe don't get your news exclusively from OANN, Breitbart and Newsmax.
How are things in fantasy land? Let's be clear, there is absolutely no evidence to suggest a voter fraud campaign exists, certainly not to the scale the Trump team is laughably trying to claim. Full stop. There is a reason team Trump is 1-45 in federal, state, and local courts since election day, and why his lawyers won't even refer to these suits as alleging fraud when asked by a judge for the record. There is no overarching, machiavellian conspiracy against Trump. He lost, fair and square. It's beyond time to come to grips with reality.
Also the game already ended, everyone went home and the losing team is forcing the refs to rewatch every single basket on replay, as they tell them that every basket scored by the winning team is fake.
Before the last step, they demand a full investigation into the refs with one second left for receiving payment from the other team, without proof.
I watched the video and all it shows is people counting votes.  That is it.  Every other "fact" that they claim is supposition and conspiracy. There is another super grainy video that supposedly shows a stack of votes being put through a machine twice.  I cant tell if it shows that or not but since they have been through this process 4 (?) times now I think such a discrepancy would have been noted.
If it were possible to reason with Trump supporters, they wouldn't be Trump supporters.
Yeah, the SoS of Georgia looked at the footage, what cons leave out is the earlier video that shows the workers packing up the crates, sealing them (as they should) and placing them under the table a few hours earlier.  So YES they took boxes of votes out from under a table and counted them, but you can also see when the votes were put into the box, and when they were sealed and put under the table.  They're legal votes that followed the proper custody chain.  They weren't brought in from somewhere else.
Some of them are also saying "Watch them! They run the same ballots through the machine multiple times!" If that was an issue, you'd think the recounts would have picked up on it... Unless when they are doing hand recounts they make sure to perfectly recreate the fraud by counting the ballots the same amount of times they ran them through the machines.
> how is it not illegal in court?It is very illegal in court. But they don't bring up or introduce this "evidence" when they're in court. They scream about all this evidence of fraud when they're not under oath, but once they are, they won't even say that the cases are about fraud.
>how is it not illegal in court??It is illegal in court.  Most of the 'testimony' that you've seen on the news has come from sham hearings held in hotel ballrooms with no swearing of oaths.
There are a few like this from [Legal Eagle](https://youtu.be/v-nblE8ps2M), but at the end of the day, they're just putting on a show to advance their grift.
Legal Eagle has some pretty good content about the election lawsuits
This has nothing to do with "The Law" or "Courts" or "proving" anything.This is all about building a narrative that the system is rigged against them and sowing doubt in the system for everyone.Thats it, theres nothing else here but the memetic dismantaling of the rule of law by building doubt.
[LegalEagle](https://www.youtube.com/c/LegalEagle/featured) has done a few videos on the election and related lawsuits. Very good break down and I suspect we'll see at least one more video on the subject in the coming weeks. Also he's an actual lawyer and frequently cites precedent and laws in the videos.
LegalEagle has done a few but I don't think he can keep up
My husband has been sucked into this.  Some idiot at work has talk radio on all day. I can see how effective it really is. It just breaks my heart. We got into a heated argument while putting up Christmas lights Saturday. Every news source I pulled up was propaganda, or fake news. Which just blows my mind. These cases are being thrown out left and right.  Which apparently is "why this is so bad and going to go to the Supreme court."  I just can't.
>profitNot sure about profit, but Putin and China benefit massively from a weaker US where almost half the voting population don't believe in the integrity of our elections.  OAN/Newsmax are almost certainly bad-actor funded either because (like shows such as Alex Jones) they're a self-selecting audience of rubes that will buy whatever is on the commercials, and/or because promoting this propaganda helps America's enemies.
This is what's frightening. They call for fair elections but are asking to just throw out the results of millions of voters and just say Trump won.   Like if in some fantasy land there had been tons of cheating, you don't just throw away the legitimate votes and say the other side won when you find it out. That disenfranchises millions of voters. No, you redo it all and then see the results with the cheating gone.
I just saw a comment on that subreddit which said if you have an iota of intelligence, you would see that the video proves fraud. The irony.
Scan them twice, and also remember to scan the same ones twice a second time, and also the same people willing to commit a felony are doing it both times.AND THEN IT DOESN'T MATCH THE GODDAM POLL BOOK, because this isn't the first fucking election we've had in this country.  When you vote, it's marked in the poll book for your district.  There's a record of everyone who voted.  Those books are controlled by a separate set of people.  All of this shit is monitored by observers - and it's under lock and key.And, I mean, they've done HAND recounts, which matched the machine counts.  So, also, apparently this fraud is just so massive that hundreds of people can keep it coordinated across three counts, avoiding detection, and...You know, THIS was supposed to be the election result that Russia paid Trump for.  Just so we're perfectly clear, THIS was supposed to be 2016.  Clinton was supposed to win, and Trump was all tee'd up to try to tear down our election system so Russia could get their revenge rocks off - as we've been involved in the overturning of elections and regimes that they've rigged since the 90s.Their trolls are all up in every chat they can find, on both sides, shouting "CIVIL WAR".  They don't even need one, they just need to create the perception that we're "close" among the US population.  They want to hamstring us with fucking doubt.
I find it difficult to believe that they would even accept that. I guarantee you that even if that were to happen, they would immediately jump to claiming that "the deep state" had gotten to everyone on the Supreme Court. Hell, even if their own orange-faced god-emperor came right out and admitted that there was no fraud, I believe that they would turn on him as well. He has sown the seed of conspiracy, and there is no chopping that tree down now.
And it's pretty unlikely the SC takes up any of Trump's failed cases.  The one that's gotten the highest appeal up got killed due to Laches (you can't appeal election laws that have been on the books for almost a year after the election cause you don't like the result).  The Supreme Court isn't going to override that and even if they wanted to, they'd never get a decision in before the safe harbor deadline.
The further from conservatism (Context: I left in 2005 at 32 yo after a Mormon upbringing and 10 years in the Air force) I get, the more childlike their mentality becomes to me. We learned all of these lessons in Kindergarten! SMH
If your election lasts longer than a month, please call your doctor.
Your comment/pun trumps all of ours.
This wins the Internet for the day
Still at the denial phase, I see.
He'll probably ask the legal team to buy 5 Million Jr's books
Technically Trump has to pay for one of them but I doubt he will
The first one, not the second.
Georgia has wealthier and more educated white people those people have been trending democratic for a while. Simply put, GOP's socially regressive aesthetics around race, gender and sexual orientation are repellent to these types of people.
Don't forget to vote in the Senate Runoffs. It isn't over.
Any thoughts as to why both senate candidates didn't make it in November?   Were they flawed?   I want to be hopeful, but I'm curious what happened there.   Thx.
The suppression is still there - they just beat it with overwhelming effort.  Republicans will ramp up the suppression efforts in 2022 and 2024.
Man I would have loved Warnock to pull the same card that Christie pulled on Rubio in 2016 and call her out on the robot schtick. She couldn't even change her facial expression when responding.
Impressive I suppose if you don't watch anything but OANN or pizza videos.  Bewildering for everyone else I'd imagine.
Haven't seen that one yet. Why wouldn't you post that with your comment?
Uhh, that was the joke genius.
That would be voter fraud, not election fraud.
It is in their dreams, where Trump runs an autocratic white ethno-state and Democrats are sent to the gulag for supporting our fucking democracy.
I'm sorry. I thought the sheer insanity of the comment, with italics and double question marks would be enough to show it was a joke.
There are clear signs of rampant voter fraudHow else do you think Trump got that many votes? We should check all the red states
How many people with dementia do you know that can debate a guy while he is constantly being yelled over? Clearly we have very different perceptions of dementia
itll be a ROUGH 16 years for you bud.did Kraken work?
And it still won't be as bad as a trump administration
The person in charge of the site said they were going to stop counting.  They packed up the site for the night and observers left.  Then someone phoned them and told them to keep counting.  So they unpacked and they continued counting.
Shhhh.. this shatters their fragile worldview where Trump still has a chance to not go down as an impeached, one term president facing numerous lawsuits and potential asset seizure and prison time once he leaves the highest office in the land, which he has stained irreparably.
It's pretty much how sometimes you just humor the toddlers until they tire themselves out.
I think you've got the more accurate take.  Remember that terrible charge call in the opening minute of the second half?  It fundamentally changed the outcome of the entire game.  We should just void the entire score and have the home team's alumni organization vote on who won.
Arguing that the refs should have called the game when they were up at half time. But the other team started having massive dunks in the 3rd quarter.
28-3 is recoverable. Example: Superb Owl LI
rConservative member: "of course Politics has an answer for this, convenient how they always have a response. No matter what evidence comes out, they always seem to have a logical explanation for it. Curious"
Yeah, that's the kind of nonsense they would say. Good job imitating a desperate partisan!
The USPS worker who thought people were backdating ballots make the exact same leap. He heard a few words out of context and invented the rest of a conversation.I don't think the people doing this realize what's going on, they seriously believe the things they're saying.
"a" machine. What's that machine do? IDK. Maybe it flattens ballots. Maybe it counts them. Maybe it scans them, and hit an error, but barcodes means duplicate scans shouldn't be a problem.
If ballots are double counted, that would absolutely show up in a recount unless they were able to double count them the same way again.
Yeah and the video in-question was reviewed by a number of state election officials, who all say this is completely normal. The "suitcases" are official containers (ballot envelopes are opened and processed and then go into those containers to prepare for scanning). The table was brought out at the beginning of the day, the containers of ballots were then put there throughout the day, in full view of poll watchers. The reason for the little bit of weirdness is that supervisors at the location planned to be done for the day, so were sealing up those containers of opened ballots to be counted the next day, and told certain groups of workers they could go home (it was at this point most of the poll watchers left, though they weren't explicitly told to, and could have stayed or even come back in later if they wanted to). Then, in the video you can see someone get a call presumably saying they should keep counting all of the opened ballots, and it's at that point the sealed boxes come out from under the table and the workers start scanning them. It's literally nothing unusual at all. And if you watch more of the extended video, the people processing votes with the scanning machine are going through the same containers all day, and you can also see when the ballot envelopes were opened and put into the containers, while everyone was still there.
That pretty much sums it up.
You forgot to mention those were special tables that flip votes whenever ballots are placed under them.
Yes, if only there was some way for a machine to detect if a ballot with a unique barcode has already been counted.
There are always issues with those counts. Some weird event that happens one in 100,000. Conservatives are using a few processing errors to justify claims of mass fraud.In truthy logic you only need one example that makes you feel justified.
They've actively denied they're bringing fraud cases multiple times, Rudy included.
Don't forget!  They also want to discount peoples votes for POTUS but keep the down ballot races where the GOP did well *on the same ballot*.
I tried watching the drunk lady video but when she claimed that they had photos of ballots being stuffed in a van or whatever while being in an actual courtroom but then not providing the proof proves one thing: she is a liar.
it's all a GOP shell game. legal decisions are cloak and dagger deep state apocrypha in the minds of your average trump voter. old white men and blonde women shouting about voter fraud is all that needs to hit the hearts and minds of their constituents. courts be damned. if need be, the GOP will go ahead and de-legitimize the courts and call them democratic cronies. it's horrifying how fake news and false narratives are now THE news and THE narrative.
There needs to be a law that you're not allowed to claim anything to the media that you won't claim in front of a judge, if you're in any way a member of a legal team or a spokesperson.
Put up or shutup. Bring it up in court. Judges are fully capable of looking at evidence
Yup! When that AZ judge wanted to delay certification of results, she scheduled a hearing for the Friday after thanksgiving. Trump held his own hearing with GOP only attending that Wednesday afternoon after the news came out and r/Conservative was linking to it like it was the actual AZ hearing in front of the judge.
They claim they have "thousands of affidavits" and that they could go to jail if they lied so they must be true.  They don't understand that these people are lying knowing they won't be brought into court so they would never face any punishment
God forbid they lie over a Bible in a court room!
Legal Eagle also gave T Greg Doucette props for this breakdown: https://youtu.be/I6sVow9l8H4Former Republican Constitutional Law Attorney breaks down why Donald Trump can't and won't get the Presidency again.
It's about hearing "He's not a legitimate President" for the next 4 years.
I'm so sorry you're going through this. Will he possibly read the actual rulings? Not the news coverage, but the straight-from-the-jduges stuff and the court transcripts. I got a friend to do that. I'm not sure if it really cracked everything, but he stopped bringing it up in every conversation with me and everyone else in our friend group. But he might just see is as "lost."
>No, you redo it all and then see the results with the cheating goneThis is the strategy that confessed felon Michael Flynn was advocating for. Except that there is no reason to redo the election when there is no evidence of fraud the first time. Joe Biden is president elect, and not liking that doesn't make it fraud.
I've said to a few people on twitter that if Trump brings evidence of fraud I will accept his winning. One person pointed me to an article from October as proof of fraud.
Any sub that says "if you have an iota of intelligence" but also has locked their sub to flaired users only shows that they don't understand what intelligence is
There aren't even cases that allege enough fraud to overturn the results.  Everything happening in the court of law has been theatre to create support in the court of public opinion, with the hope that GOP legislators will appoint alternate electors... Which is heinous for a variety of reasons, including laches or ex post facto etc.That's why these lawyers submit insane nonsense and Giuliani holds insane pressers, but when the judges ask lawyers "are you actually going to submit this shit to the court", they go "err actually nah nm ur honor lol psych".
Every time my husband complains about prices going up, I like to thank the tariffs that dear leader put in place.  The cost to replace a truck battery was my most recent use.
Something tells me the anti mask mentality and hand washing go uhh hand in hand.
Hopefully they asked for money up front.
I think it's more like a recount is relatively cheap compared to the millions they can bring in through fundraising emails claiming they're just about to overturn the results and make Trump president again if you just cough up another $40.Sunk cost fallacy. You've already contributed $1,500, so why not a little more?
The problem is the poisonous effect trump is having on the longterm health of our democratic systems.
... conservatives losing faith in us elections wouldn't just effect conservatives. Like I just said; democracy won't survive if people don't believe in it. Trump's undermined democracy. If these conservative leaders don't stand up to Trump and make some incredibly bold statements to their voters, things will get much worse as this continues into other elections.
Well in GA you need 50% plus one ton win and one race had like 15 candidates in there and the other no one got 50% of the vote. Thats why they are both going to a run off.
For sure! I expect a huge wave of 'fixes' to red leaning States election procedures in the coming years.
They think there's both and more besides. Didn't you listen to all 46 minutes of Trump's blathering about all the different kinds of fraud the Democrats perpetrated perfectly to steal the presidential election and not the senate?
Sadly that was what the average r/conservative post looks like. Its peak poes law
Use the  /S. American conservatism is beyond parody.
... go to any pro-Trump sub, or MAGA Twitter, and what you wrote would actually be relatively *sane*.
Have you not noticed that people who are not joking frequently write posts exactly like yours? They sometimes use all caps or bold instead of italics I guess. We can't hear your tone through a written post.
Had me in the first half.
These people yelling about Biden's mental state should be directed to his Gettysburg speech from October. 25 minutes of solid delivery without mentioning Trump once. Just policy and positive rhetoric backed up with historical context.
I too swallow disinformation without question
There is literally 0 evidence of this
poll watchers arent a requirement but rather a courtesy.
Well they can make stuff up all they want, but it's not gonna work
The facts are pretty simple. Trump lost. He lost the popular vote (just like he did in 2016) and he lost the EC count. Not all courts allow cameras. You can read any of the full transcripts. But you might be disappointed, when you hear how harshly Trump-appointed judges continually admonish Guiliani and Co. (God, I love when people try to sound smart when they say "why is THAT?" or "Doesn't that make you wonder HMM?", in reference to something that can obviously be either proved or debunked with just a hint of critical thinking. Literally, just the tiniest smidgen of critical thinking..)
That is what we call baseless bullshit. The source for that vote switching conspiracy is OANN, they are such fucking wackos they posted something saying they got the "real electoral map" that the army seized from some company in a country where that company isn't operation, and the results showed biden only won 11 states notably with California solid red. Also are you insinuating the trump appointed judges are anti trump as well? Is there any circumstances you will ever not claim bias?
Courtrooms aren't a spectator sport.  Not all of them have cameras that broadcast to the internet.  There is no blackout.  You can check the status of trump's 40 plus lawsuits here https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Post-election_lawsuits_related_to_the_2020_United_States_presidential_election. Trump has lost basically every lawsuit for the same reason, no evidence.
You have evidence that the charge call was terrible? The video replay says it was a good call...
And the winning team is trying to figure out who they play next, but the losing team refuses to let them in gym or let them have any basketballs.
[Jon Bois](https://youtu.be/9l5C8cGMueY) taught me this is possible if a team goes for a 2 point conversion and somehow gets saftied.
Thats the funniest shit. "Libs always want evidence, well here is some evidence! I'm sure they will just logically explain it away like they always do"    Zero self awareness
Weird how the facts always leads to response to bullshit, huh?
Please tell me you are just mocking them and that isn't an actual quote...
Perhaps we should do what they do and just project. Tell them this might show fraud but there are suitcases showing hours of Rep voter fraud but MSN is too scared to show it. So much evidence of it the FBI is auditing it now and it could years to audit it all before they can show all the mountains of evidence they have. The type of stuff we always hear from Dump
It was actually O'Keefe that spoonfed him the narrative, they also wrote the affidavit he signed.
But only for Trump to Biden and not the Senate or house. The election-stealing technology Hillary and Soros developed is still a bit immature
Now you're just saying crazy things.But seriously, we would have so many bigger problems if it was that easy to fake counts. Also, I love how none of them want to try to explain the fact that Democrats actually did pretty poorly down ballot. If they were really cheating, they did a pretty shitty job.
also there is no election fraud in any of the states that trump outright won. FFS there is just no debating these people or things such as factual evidence. Whether they believe any of the lies themselves its hard to say and who cares at this point. We just have to win every election going forward and leave these people in the dust. Maybe you can win some over if we actually fixed whats broken in this country but honestly most of them will die thinking trump was the next jesus. jesus.
They believe this is evidence of fraud. How could Trump lose if the rest of the R's did so well?!?!Couldn't be all the people Trump has alienated from the party or anything, obviously./s
> I tried watching the drunk lady video but when she claimed that they had photos of ballots being stuffed in a van or whatever while being in an actual courtroom but then not providing the proof proves one thing: she is a liar.Thats why they (Rudy Gabagool & Co.) didnt have her give her testimony under oath: IF she's found to be lying she'd be held in contempt.
She wasn't in a courtroom, she was in front of the legislature, and she wasn't under oath, from what I understand. (Not suggesting that she's not a liar - clearly she is.)
To be clear, she was not in court and the distinction is important. Getting these Senate hearings was actually a decent play because, yeah, it looks like a court. There is a dude with a gavel and everything. But, a Senate hearing is very much NOT a court so you can pretty much come in and say whatever you want. If you watched, many of the committee members were making a point of saying "these people should be under oath" which is legalese for "this is not a court, why are they here when they can just say whatever with no consequence". The witnesses and Guiliani having affidavits was also a bit of sleight-of-hand: an affidavit doesn't really do much outside of court...which is not what those hearings were.It's important that we keep the facts straight in the face of all this nonsense. Don't let them trick you into believing a lie like they were in actual courtrooms these past few weeks
> There needs to be a law that you're not allowed to claim anything to the media that you won't claim in front of a judge, if you're in any way a member of a legal team or a spokesperson.There's a small problem with that one -- > "Congress shall make no law [...] abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press[.]"The right to be a liar is enshrined in our Constitution.
Those "affidavits" were from the web form on trump's voter fraud website. Legally, they are inadmissible as evidence.
>So, what are these sham hearings? What is the purpose?It's a grift.  As long as Trump's outraged and uneducated voting base is convinced that Trump won the election and that those naughty Dems are trying to steal it from them they will send him money to 'stop the steal' - without realizing that they are the ones being robbed.Anyway, thus far it's netted him around $207,000,000
To keep the money rolling in I expect.
Do you have an examples to back up this claim? All his videos are publicly available: should be easy to timestamp several examples if his understanding is that terrible.
As someone with limited knowledge, can you expand on that for me?
Completely agree. That's why I said if in some fantasyland there had been proven widespread cheating, then you redo things. The point is, you don't just go: "They cheated, that means we automatically won!"No, because there's still millions of valid votes and those need to matter in the end when you take the invalid ones out. If there's an election and someone won by 500 votes but apparently someone cheated to give 100 to them, then that person still won by 400 legitimate votes. Its not a situation where the other side automatically wins cause then that disenfranchises those 400 legit voters. The only reason you'd have a redo is when you can't put a number on amounts and its large and widespread enough of an issue to potentially make a difference.Obviously in this case Biden is the winner and there hasn't been proven any fraud to go so it was a hypothetical situation to reinforce the you don't just automatically win cause of accusations that the other team cheated.
They literally delete posts that explain how these videos are horseshit. All you're allowed to post there is stuff reinforcing what they already believe. It's this insane closed-system circular logic trap that keeps them all thinking they have these irrefutable damming bits of evidence, and the sub is designed to prevent anyone from reaching them with a reasonable counter argument.
Nope. I fell ear first onto a meat thermometer so I wouldn't have to.
Yes thank you I realized it was risky. I'm okay with a handful of downvotes. I was just explaining to someone that it was a joke. Nbd.
X being the guy you worship as a God emperor.It's a really low bar too. Almost literally impossible to do any worse
Fake news.  I only trust my team's sources and they all say it wasn't a charge.
No no you don't understand, I have an affidavit here that says a non-ref observer believed they heard someone say it was a bad call... *Sweats squid ink and farts*
Well the sports channel I normally watched showed that the call was good, so I switched to another channel that says it wasn't. I believe that one.
"My feelings don't care about your facts!"
Facts? you want facts u lefty commie lib? Here's the facts:Georgia - riggedNevada - riggedArizona - riggedPennsylvania - riggedFlorida - not rigged (because Trump won)DOJ - deep stateFBI - deeper stateSenate GOP who congratulated Biden - RINOsBill Barr - swamp creatureChris Wray - mega swamp creatureState courts - Liberal institutionsDemocratic voters - illegal votersRepublicans who think Trump didn't win - RINOsUS elections where the candidate I voted for didn't win - obvious voter fraudRudy Giuliani - Supreme Genius who farts on cameraMelisa Carone - model/actress/ IT genius/ sober/ supreme authority on voter fraudFour Seasons Total Landscaping - Greatest strategic move to own the libs.As you can see, this is CLEAR EVIDENCE, that voter fraud occured. For any follow up evidence please consult Peter Pan, the Tooth fairy, or any other imaginary character./s * 10000000
They're still lying about Russian interference in the 2016 election. Who would vote for Hillary! Didn't you read about all the people she's killed? /s
I've seen that idea paraphrased many times, go read through the comments of anything having to do with "fraud" if you can stand it. You'll find it
While this itself is not a direct quote, it is also not in any way an exaggeration of their actual comments. That exact same sentiment has been expressed many times over there recently, I'm not manipulating what they say at all lol
Yeah but you can't present new evidence in appeals so that's just double stupid.
It doesn't work like that. If you *lose* the court ruling, you can appeal. If your case is thrown out - which is what has been happening - you can't. Their cases have been dismissed on the grounds of piss-poor evidence and no legal basis.If you could get to SCOTUS by entering a completely fradulent lawsuit in the lower courts, that you then turn into a serious case on appeal, everyone would just do that.  What would be the point of dealing with lower courts at all.
Not a lawyer. Thats not how it works. Most cases have been dismissed with prejudice, meaning they are done. Plus, in any case both sides must produce their evidence prior to trial, this is called discovery I think. If they could prove anything their best interests and really only hope would be to show it in the cases at hand. SCOTUS doesn't just get to jump in and decide. There has to be actual evidence that shows merit. Trumps team is just trying to muddy the waters.
None of that is true. Wooo-wheee.
>FFS there is just no debating these people or things such as factual evidence.   I just gone back from a /r/conservative dive and in a flaired user thread only and some people were like "downvotes, really? That's all you can do?"  Well... yeah? Stop being in your safe corner and we can chit chat lol.
> FFS there is just no debating these people or things such as factual evidenceThey have been radicalized.  You will not be able to deal with them rationally any more.  And it's so sad that they have turned their sanity over to donald trump of all fucking people.  They have literally sold their soul to one of the biggest liars, cheats and absolute failures in modern history and the biggest traitor this country has seen since benedict arnold.
hahah but that lady high on benzos said she signed an affidavit and would go to jail if shes lying, smugly said too
Yeah I just mean when you have photographs and you are trying to win an argument normally you show the photographs because if you say you have proof and then dont present it we have a word for that: liar.
>The right to be a liar is enshrined in our ConstitutionWell, somewhat. False advertising and medical advertisement laws still exist.
Just walk away... Dude is pushing fringe Conspiracy lawyers.
There's a term for it: epistemic closure.Conservatives all get their news from other conservatives who get their news from whichever far-right fringe "source" is the most-recent (probably most fringe) conservative-approved source. They exist in a closed loop of information with an inability to assimilate new information.
> The Wisconsin recount was paid upfront and cost $3M. Wasn't the cost reduced because he only chose...*certain* areas to recount?
Your player clotheslined the point guard while declaring "taste the floor", looked into the camera and said "I did that shit" then chest bumped the mascot. He is currently engaged in a post-game presser talking about how many players he's given concussions to. Half of your own fans left during the third quarter when said player defecated on the free throw line and in any case you guys have been out of the competitive running for the last 6 games. So can you just give some indication of how it was a bad call?E: we just found the medic who you've been keeping locked in a supply closet, he says the point guard's injuries are consistent with getting clotheslined by a dickhead. Ok firing him doesn't change that either. Also your team hired the damn refs so how tf are you gonna accuse them of rigging the game for the other team. And finally, it was a home game, so really you lost with just every possible thing in your favor, everything except for your crap players led by a crap coach with a crap strategy. Now your assistant coach is out with a torn ligament, probably from arguing with refs. So ffs stop rioting in your own city and just accept that it's baseball season
I had someone actually tell me that they didn't care about facts, what they cared about what what other like-minded people told them (at church).
SCOTUS -- the only legitimate branch of gov't other than POTUS (unless they refuse to hear Trump's case, in which file under DEEP STATE)
> double stupidIs that what the eventual documentary series about this presidency will be called?
But if you can get it to the SCOTUS then your stacked SCOTUS can rule to invalidate millions of votes... right? *wipes hair dye from chin*
The court of public opinion is the only court they're interested in
I sort of get the impression people think cases can just go to the supreme court.
people on this website really will just say whatever they *think* is true without making sure huh lol
Sweet Jesus your username is brilliantly grotesque.
its a group that will lie cheat and steal and say acts of terrorism or even murder are justified all the while claiming to be christian. its a bunch of sick sick people.
For people who make fun of safe spaces they sure do love theirs
the democrats have been up and down our street twice in the past few days so hopefully they get everyone mobilized.
Honestly, part of the problem is that a lot of people in areas that overwhelmingly voted for Trump only know a small handful of Biden voters and therefore think that "If only a few people I know voted for Biden, how did he win?"
>  political consultant Roger AilesConsultant then, before going on to become the president of fox news
The US needs laws preventing the advertising of prescription drugs on tv and in print.
I mean, I'm not saying they are being malicious. But wouldn't other "Youtube lawyers" have a vested interest in "disproving" his legal stances? I'd prefer a source from a 3rd party that doesn't directly profit from taking away his views.
It shouldn't be my job to tell you what you did wrong!
Recount King*"Did you think we wouldn't get away with this? Well guess what, motherfucker!"*
Yeah that's what gets me. They will never throw out legitimate votes.And Team Trump can't pinpoint an exact number of "fraudulent" votes, let alone identify which exact votes for which candidates are fraudulent.The Bush v Gore thing was a ruling that FL could stop re-counting and just accept the result they had. They didn't rule that FL could just disregard already counted and legitimate votes. If there is evidence of fraud, it should be investigated. If proven, people should be held accountable. But you can't just say "we'll hand the election to the loser because we think there's fraud". No SC justice will go along with that.
They seem to be doing a terrible job there,too.
Well, they can, but only in very narrow cases where the state itself is a complainant against another state or the US Government.
I mean, lawsuits between states start at the Supreme Court IIRC. But yeah other than that you gotta appeal your way to the top to even get a chance
I don't see how any of that is a departure from the historical actions of Christians.
I mean, I don't feel sorry for Barr at all, of course, because fuck that traitorous asshole. But Trump threatening to fire him is so fucking funny. "Oh, no. Please don't fire me with six weeks left to go until we're both kicked out the door. Whatever shall I do, mister Trump."
I joked about Trump replacing Barr with Giuliani senate hearing be damned. But Giuliani has Covid now.
This. They live in safe space bubbles both physically and digitally. They are surrounded by their own kind and rarely venture out to experience any diversity.
My parents still watch regular TV and any time can hear it and itscnot part of a show, 100% its a medical commercial scaring you into thinking that any discomfort is potentially a medical issue.
>No SC justice will go along with that.Be very careful here.  Trump put 3 justices on the Supreme Court.  Do we really know what "loyalty" agreements were made between those judges and Trump before he agreed to nominate them to the SC?
> apply 2 seconds of critical thinking &#x200B;this is the step where a lot of it fail sadly
>Except why would they want to destabilize a government that just gave them employment and prestige for life.Krompomat. It has nothing to do with "wanting" to do it. Remember Brett Kavanaugh's baseball tickets that looked exactly like a money laundering scheme? ($200k in tickets across multiple credit cards, and even a 2nd mortgage on his house to pay for them....and then "friends" paid him back in cash.)They've got some of these people by the short and curlies...same reason Kennedy retired. They had something on his son over at Deutche Bank.He retired out of nowhere because they had something over him. Kavanaugh has the ticket scheme and whoever he was beholden to for that. Barrett is just an authoritarian who listens to men, so they won't need anything for her. Gorsuch looks fine, but so did a lot of GOP senators who entirely flipped the script after the RNC emails got hacked (but conveniently never came out like the DNC emails...thanks Wikileaks.) Graham is the worst of them. Went from calling out Trump at every turn to being his ball washer.
60 million is better than they ever should have done, so it's not comforting.
"Oh please, Brer Fox, please don't throw me into the briar patch!"
To be completely fair: That is true for almost all of us. Most of the time it is by chance and not deliberately, however, we all live in "safe space bubbles". The question: How much do we recognise that and how much do we keep it in mind during decision making?&#x200B;I would say, as long as we are willing to acknowledge our own bubbles and try to reach outside of them while we are making important decisions or talk about generally important things it isn't that much of a problem.It just seems that there are people, who voted for a certain incumbent president, who are not that willing to recognise their own bubble.
Here in Maryland everyone I knew in Annapolis was aghast that Trump got 74 million people to vote for him. The real issue with this country is because of the massive polarization, there are two different nations living in the same place.
I dunno, I lurk about r/conservative and there's some giant reality and logic distortion going on that I don't see anywhere else.
I'm definitely in a deliberate bubble myself. I do not see any reason to associate with Republicans. Would you associate with Nazis? Would you try to find common ground? What's the halfway point between "it's okay to imprison brown children" and wherever you stand on the issue, which I'm going to hope is a trivially simple question to answer? What would be an acceptable way to even come back from that, aside from a passionate and disgusted disavowal of everything they stand for? At which point they're out of that bubble and in our bubble anyway.At this point, while I acknowledge the role of brainwashing, entrenched human thinking, and lack of information that may play into the shaping of an individual, I *absolutely* question the moral fortitude of absolutely *anyone* who has witnessed the behavior of the Republican party and *still* says, after all this, "yep, they represent me best."
I'm doing that occasionally when some new hit where I am curious to see how they spin it... and yes the distortion is strange. I have to admit that I caught questioning my own sanity while being there. &#x200B;I believe living in the bubble is completely deliberate in their case. They know that they are lying at least the most active members. They know that nothing of what they are saying makes sense outside their subreddit. They are just repeating those lies long enough to gaslight themselves. It's either that or r/conservative is one of the biggest mental asylums ever and not the good kind of asylum, more the Arkham Asylum type. Just without orderlies or prison guards or Batman.
At any given time, half of their top ten postings are marked "Flaired Users only." Biggest bunch of pansy-ass snowflakes in the world.
>But there have also been some discussions about the President and the first lady remaining in Florida and not coming back to the White House, a White House official said.Hopefully that's what he does. Then they'll have more time to sanitize the White House before President-elect Biden moves in.
I dont care where he goes as long as its not the oval office anymore
I 100% bet Trump has vandalized the Resolute Desk with his name, and will steal WH artifacts on the way out
I am more worried about him fleeing the country.
But if he does that, he can't have his showy departure on the morning of the 20th.
When is the county going to inform him that using Mar-a-lago as a residence is illegal?
Yep, he's going to cash in on keeping all those aids, secret service members, and all the other staff paying big $$$$ to stay there for more than a month.  Cart rentals, room rentals, food, drinks, and all service prices will be inflated.  He'll make a few million on it all.... using OUR money.
Gives the fumigators a head start on cleaning up the WH before Biden arrives.
Donald you totally should! I hear there's a McDonald's nearby and the Fillet o fish will make you feel all better after those meanie liberals. Bye then!/s
TiL people that don't work are entitled to vacations!
If you told me that a sitting president would hold campaign rallies in the middle of his administration I'd have said no to that too.
Leave now and never come back!
Fingers crossed.  Let him go to the penis of America.  DeathSantis can suck him off for the rest of his life.
Joe Biden is already more popular than the last president has ever been.
\#BunkerBaby will become #ResortRecluseRun away and hide, coward.
I am guessing that when/if his coup fails, he ends up like Epstein. He knows too much.
The only thing I want for Christmas. Please.
Go to Russia and leave America for good. Go spend your last years where you wanna be.
It will also give them time to fully sweep and debug every square inch of the White House!
"Trump had originally planned to visit Mar-a-Lago over Thanksgiving, but canceled the trip as his private quarters were being renovated in anticipation of him moving there permanently after his administration concludes."&#x200B;He's not conceding but he's prepping his house as though he's lost. Very telling.
He's already checked out basically. We don't have a president at this point. Why not let him just shuffle off early.
I more worried about the sewage system. Honestly who has to flush the toilet 15 times?
Trump rips off his mask to reveal Nic Cage?
It would make it a lot harder for him to hold rallies here if he flees.
Pretty sure he can't flee. He has SS on him at all times. They'd have to go, too (because I can't imagine Donnie being able to ditch them), and they'll have no qualms about letting their bosses know where they are.
Where is he going to go?The only non-extradition treaty countries are Russia (cold, tea tastes funny), China (trade war). And the other countries are mostly in Africa and what he would call shit-holes.And the fact is that he doesnt need to run - he can avoid or delay legal action for a long time.
I want Trump to be held accountable. But if he flees the country, never to be heard from again, so be it. Better than him staying here and nothing happen to him. He's fallen up his entire life and I truly don't expect him to be held accountable after he leaves office.
I am more worried he will stay and Dems will flee from the responsibility to legally prosecute him
Guarantee he is asking for a late check-out
There is 0% he is there for the inauguration.
I hope not, because I don't want him to become a martyr.
Oh, hell no. He needs to be held accountable. Here.
What is that weird box thing at the bottom of your comment? I've seen a few posts with that at the end
Make sure to replace the microwaves
Check the toilets. I'm sure he'll leave an upper-decker in each.
And change those god awful gold drapes
So many back-channels to Russia, you're going to be tired of back-channels to Russia!
It will take a month just to wash the orange out of the Whitehouse towels.
Standard plumbing just wasn't designed to cope with someone so completely full of shit.
Lack of fiber. I would assume much inflammation.
Trump won't flee the country. He needs the attention.
Plus, how is he going to continue scamming his cult for money for his ~~2024 election bid~~ personal use if he is residing outside the US?
Them and the Air Force pilots needed to transport him, yeah. He's not going anywhere.Fun fact: ex-Presidents can decline their Secret Service protection. The sitting President cannot. If he orders them to leave him alone, they are legally required to say no to continue meeting their statutory mission.
Um, he's got the fastest 100m sprint time of a president, ever. His doctor said so. He'd be able to outrun those Secre Service agents.
Dubai can be nice, & Saudi Arabia owes him some favors.  Both non-extradition countries...
He flees the country, and all of our secrets go with him. I'm not comfortable with that.
He's been talking about doing a live stream of leaving the WH and flying to Mar-a-lago on AF! on 1/20.
A rare 2020 laugh was had :)
A lot less attention from a jail cell so...
He'll claim Biden forced him out of the country and he's living in exile.  Then he holds a few videos online, blabbers on a stream 3 hours a day, and morons send him money.
Yes. He can't tell them to not protect him until january 20th.If he flees, it won't be until he's officially gone
As long as there are no ramps with a gentle grade.
He has already spilled his guts to Putin.
If, by some miracle, he did manage to flee, the full weight of our covert intelligence operations would be balls to the wall to capture and bring him back - or assassinate him. It would be the gravest national security risk our country has ever seen.
Don't worry, it's not Biden who's got dementia. Trump's not going to remember what he had for breakfast in a year from now.
Uh oh, I'm missing a joke here. What is it about the microwaves? ETA: Thank you everyone for the links and explanations. Now I have to wonder if that's why my SIL's husband refuses to use or have a microwave -_-
Probably, I've been gobsmacked at the ugly and naked display of stupid over the past 4 years.  I know it has always been there, its just the numbers that surpassed my worst of expectations.
That's going to be threading a hell of a needle, then. Can't flee while President, but need to try to flee before he's placed under arrest.The Biden administration can prevent this by revoking his passport, on the basis that he's likely to flee the jurisdiction. He did, after all, publicly say that was his intention. Repeatedly.(Also, he's got nowhere to go. He'd be radioactive. Anyone who tried giving him sanctuary would be sacrificing a tremendous amount to gain nothing. Russia has the most to lose of anyone.)
"Kellyanne Conway: 'microwaves that turn into cameras' can spy on us | Kellyanne Conway | The Guardian" https://amp.theguardian.com/us-news/2017/mar/13/kellyanne-conway-trump-wiretap-surveillance-obama
http://imgur.com/VdHoMPhShort answer, Trump thought Obama had tapped his microwaves.
https://www.google.com/search?q=kellyanne+conway+microwave will tell you all you need to know.
Damn, it's been so long and so much delusional crazy shit has happened since then I completely forgot about [that accusation.](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trump_Tower_wiretapping_allegations) Thanks for clarifying!
Yeah that feels like a decade ago already.
I'm tired of people downplaying this virus until they get it, then tell other people to take it seriously. It's so disheartening.
I grew up having to see the Yul Brynner commercial that was released after he died of lung cancer. It was brutal. But the difference was he didn't spend his entire career on a megaphone denying science, and calling me a pussy and a loser for not smoking and trying to destroy the economy. I'm not cold hearted. But when the sign says "Bridge Out," and everyone is screaming, "Turn Back!" maybe stomping the gas peddle and flipping the bird isn't the best decision.
Even his "warning" is half-assed. Get treatment if you get the virus? Ummm, yeah, thanks - good idea. I'll definitely go to a doctor if I get a life-threatening illness, thanks to your deathbed conversion.Where is his warning to require universal mask use, minimize contact with others, socially distance, prohibit large gatherings, etc? Nowhere. He protected business profits at the expense of human life even at the end.
>"We messed up," Dixon said. "We just let our guard down. Please tell  everybody to take this thing seriously and get help as soon as you get  the virus."Maybe you should have noticed you were in a death cult.  Sir.
>"He was loved by everybody," Thrasher told AL.com. "He was a great  personal friend, the nicest kindest guy and his last words were, 'hey  let's prevent this. Let's save some lives.'"Again - after it personally affected him.  GOD.  These people.
O RLYYou don't fucking say. Whatever caused you to come to that brilliant, unprecedented conclusion?> Before Dying From VirusAh, I see. All of those hundreds of thousands of other corpses were meaningless, but how this country failed was by allowing YOU to be lumped in with the irrelevant nobodies.Shitstain.
> "We messed up," Dixon said. "We just let our guard down. Please tell everybody to take this thing seriously and get help as soon as you get the virus."No we didn't. We saw a tidal wave coming well in advance, and actively told everyone to go the beach anyway. Fucking idiot.
>'We messed up'It's not a mistake if you did this on purpose. Conservatives are purposely spreading false information about the severity of the virus. Why? Because their Dear Leader's feelings will get hurt when they put on a mask and ask people to put on a mask. This man died to ensure he would not be harmed, politically. What good has that done for him? And, what good will come out of the people who continue to deny the severity of this situation?
'Your sacrifice will be forgotten tomorrow'\-GOP
You didn't mess up if you did it on purpose.
How many times over the last 8 months have we heard one of these GOP dimwits utter their last words " I think I made a mistake?" When is the date that the GOP is officially going to change the name of their  party to "The Can't Fix Stupid Party?"  Wear a mask, stay away from social gatherings, wash your hands, etc. these all are foreign to these very stupid members of the GOP.   Makes you wonder how many other deaths these "Emmy Award Winners" are responsible for with their absolute stupidity!
>We messed up," Dixon said. "We just let our guard down..."The problem is more than people just letting their guard down.
I'm sure those are fairly popular last words over the entire history of mankind.That being said I wish some of his colleagues around the country could learn from this tragedy.
It is sad that so many conservatives only learn through personal experience.
We'll see if Rudy has a similar moment. I am guessing he will not though.
Humble pie is deadly in 2020. Not sure why anyone would risk it.
"The GOP ate my face" says dying GOP members
It happened to my family. Nearly all of them thought it was a bullshit hoax so they took zero precautions. Then my uncle got it and died weeks later on Thanksgiving morning. They all changed their tune real quick. It's just shitty that it actually took that.
It's like they don't really believe in reading and writing.
At least some of them finally get it, unlike so many that are arguing with their nurses that it's not real.  The fact that this guy was chairing a medical board should prompt an audit of what else is going on in that group.
thats just they liberals trying to take away your liberty to use the bridge. if you let them tell you not to, what's next?
They kept telling everyone it was just a flu, no big deal, and it's all being overblown.  Now they want to tell everyone they should be concerned and take precautions?  You can't do that!  The brainwashing cycles have already run their course.  One leader of the cult telling everyone the real truth is not going to change the brainwashed masses!ALL of the leaders of the cult have to say the same damn thing and it has to be the truth.  Otherwise, these deathbed proclamations mean absolutely nothing.
> I'm not cold hearted. But when the sign says "Bridge Out," and everyone is screaming, "Turn Back!" maybe stomping the gas peddle and flipping the bird isn't the best decisionLargely how I feel about it, too. <smh> There's a flippant and flagrant nature to their attitude and behavior towards "libruls" and the Democrats.
It's also bad/irrelevant advice. Some hospitals are overcrowded because of this virus, and the available treatment isn't a panacea. If you "just" tested positive, or aren't actively in respiratory distress, you'll get triaged out and told to go back home......unless you're rich or are a politician (in the USA), of course.
it could be worse. I know this is setting the bar extremely low, but there's this one president that got it, had to be flown to a nearby hospital for experimental treatments and came out the other side basically telling everybody to go party because covid is no big deal.
He sacrificed his life so that others may die too.
Half the people that hear about his death are mildly amused at the irony and the other half think he's a weakling who died from a fake china virus.
Conservatives are immune to empathy until a situation affects them personally.
They learn everything the hard way.
It's like they don't believe in external reality.
Conservative politicians only seem to "get it" when they're out of office.   Vote 'em all out and suddenly there'll be this great revelation of truth, decency and reality.And that lasts right up to the moment they get voted back in.
Its like sovereign citizens (do they still exist or did they get absorbed into a different crazy group?) going on about their 'right to travel'.
>They kept telling everyone it was just a flu, no big deal, and it's all being overblown. I never thought of this before, but could it be that the conservatives are the ones putting out conspiracy drivel so much they thought that's what dems were doing to drive Trump out of office? Like projection?
I hate churchill quotes as much as I hate people who quote him. You know they've never picked up a history book or know much of what he did but they will always pull out one or two quotes of his (or what they think is him). Churchill is to the functionally literate man what marilyn monroe is to spoiled teenage girls.
Primeval hunter-gatherers weren't exactly reading Descartes. They were smart enough to survive enough to have enough children for us to all be here. There's not much "common sense" in the sense of rational thought needed for that to happen. Non-human animals do just fine, for example. Many of them probably lacked the mythical objective and honest inner voice you're talking about. If fact, if you think about all the violence and tribalism and cruelty of ancient and recent human history, it's pretty clear that humanity is doing better than usual.The one difference between all of the rest of human history and now is that all the most ignorant people have been enabled to gather together virtually and inflate each other's nonsense. Aka, social media. (And yes, we're using social media here too but I believe that most people in this thread are significantly more reasonable and informed than the people I'm discussing.)
These unicorns don't deserve any compassion. And he took up a bed that a regular person didn't get because while most citizens are told to go home and wait to get sicker before coming to a hospital, politicians go to the fucking head of the line. And don't be surprised when they vote themselves to the head of the line for vaccines too-WAY ahead of medical workers and nursing home patients.
Yesh but even then they don't have empathy, they just feel victimized and demand the help they wouldn't offer anyone else.
They certainly do everything the hard way. Not a lot of evidence to support that they learn from it.
I'm not even sure needing help in a certain way changes their minds. Look at Paul Ryan. He was raised on Social Security survivor benefits, but after reading Atlas Shrugged he evidently decided it was evil. It may have more to do with them thinking the perceived others are not deserving of the help, while their clan (or klan) is.
My uncle lives entirely on welfare...and yet he is pro conservative/anti socialism. He lies to people all the time saying that if his hips were better he'd "still work job"...but when he did work (20 years ago) he could never keep a job and always complained about how much he hated it smh
Or the time he spent way back when on his show saying smoking was no big deal.
All that does is drive out the sensible people in the area.
Sovereign citizens have always been just a sort-of, kind-of subset of crazy libertarian ideals. Rare to *just* be sovereign citizen, and not a bunch of other stuff too. Usually contradictory stuff.They're still around but even before the internet they were prone to falling into stupid insane conspiracy theory holes. Now they're just part of the wider insanity-and-disinformation sphere.
You should be careful about trusting search results, and treating everything seen as authoritative.
I believe it means that they lack sympathy.
Or the decades he spent verbally attacking people that use drugs while he was taking handfuls of Oxycontin a day that he doctor shopped around FL for.
No, that would mean they don't have empathy.. They can't feel the pain without physically personally experiencing the pain. That's a lack of empathy. [https://www.6seconds.org/2018/10/30/empathy-vs-sympathy-what-the-difference/](https://www.6seconds.org/2018/10/30/empathy-vs-sympathy-what-the-difference/)
I believe it means they lack the intellectual capacity to comprehend anything with even the slightest complexities.
Suburbanite here.  Only isolated because of Covid.  There are people *everywhere!*   So many people that it's hard to get away from any of them, unless I never leave the house.  There are more people in my suburb than there are in the entire state of Wyoming.I consider small rural towns to be the socially isolated, less educated, more religious areas.  Suburbs are just an extension of a big city.
I like [this simple definition of each](https://cdn.psychologytoday.com/sites/default/files/styles/image-article_inline_full_caption/public/field_blog_entry_images/inforgraphic.png)- Pity: I acknowledge your suffering.- Sympathy: I care about your suffering.- Empathy: I feel your suffering.- Compassion: I want to relieve your suffering.
> Pity: I acknowledge your suffering.My subjective perception is that pity implies a sense of the person being pitied somehow being diminished.As for empathy and compassion, [Paul Bloom's presentation](https://youtu.be/WWWNUa6kmqE) is a must watch.
Didn't Jaime Harrison trounce Lindsey Graham repeatedly at their debates?  Graham still won.People need to get out and vote for Warnock, Loeffler could probably spend the entire debate playing Pokemon Go and still win.  I'm just worried that when it comes down to it, voters will just see a "scary" black man running against a "beautiful" white woman and Loeffler would win, regardless of facts and policies.
Was she ever really qualified to begin with?
Remember when Trump "disqualified" himself during his first campaign?  Remember "grab 'em by the pussy"?  "Russia, if you're listening"?  Idk if there is anything that Rs could do to disqualify themselves from any race.
You mean Great Value Ann Coulter?
Well, not literally. And not practically. And considering what GOP voters are willing to accept, not in any way at all.
And yet she still has a very solid chance of winning, because this country is full of idiots.
Qualifications:\-Fucked a rich person\-Ability to repeat 5 GOP talking points verbatim even when they did not apply to the current conversation\-Made Cindy Brady look cool is comparison while staring at the red light on the camera
So, an ideal Republican candidate then.
If she wins, i bet she and marsha blackburn will be besties...
She is following the strategy that worked for Trump in 2016, and still worked in far too many states in 2020. The goal is to get the beer gutted tree pushers that don't normally vote, to come back out in January.
 Loeffler is the horrible nesting doll one level inside Ann Coulter.
She offered nothing other than repetitive namecalling.
Being qualified for a position is for Democrats.  Democrats have standards.Republicans don't, unless you count "saying the right things about Jesus, abortion, and guns".
Is Kelly like a dumbed down version of Ann Coulter or what? Ann is evil but not a dunce from what I remember
Damn could she be any more cardboard?  He rote memorization of responses sound like a 4th grade play. She's a life size cardboard cutout for a rubber stamp on anything McConnell wants as long as she gets her take.
She literally had an ear piece the entire time
The Radical Right needs to be stopped. Come on Georgia! We're counting on you!
Saying that someone "disqualified" herself for saying *exactly what 40 percent of the country wants to hear* is the journalistic equivalent of sticking your head in the sand. All these editorials accomplish is to reveal just how hopelessly out of touch the punditry is with American political realities.
Apparently the author of this article is unfamiliar with modern American Conservatism. There is literally NOTHING that will disqualify a republican candidate in the minds of their constituents. They'd rather vote for a convicted rapist with an R next to his/her name than they would a democrat. Republicans are morally bankrupt, stupid people.
Can we stop posting paywall articles?
It looks like her hair is trying to get away from her head.
Only thing she could say was "radical liberal"
Democracy dies in darkness is the stupidest tag line for a newspaper with a paywall.
The saddest part is that Brian kemp, merely by refusing to take part in a coup, is acting more praiseworthy than the majority of republicans.
If this bullshit was happening to any of our allies the seal teams would have landed on Nov 4 with unanimous GOP approval.
One that is thinly held together by the rule of law. A fascist could easily pervert this system. The only thing saving us is some Rs can see a life after Trump, and are doing the bare minimum to avoid catastrophe.
She's really devoid of emotion. Like a robot. I can't be the only one who noticed that.
Lindsey Graham was like this and he still won, by quite a lot.I'm hoping Georgia pulls through but it saddens me how unqualified trash like Kelly, Lindsey and Mitch easily make it through these things and are awarded a cushy high-paying job for doing nothing.
Yep.  Shes terrible, out of touch with reality, clearly did some insider trading to increase her net worth by a ton and could give 2 shits about the average GA voter or what they are going through out of work, trying to put food on the table, make it through another shut down etc....&#x200B;But if I was a betting man my money would be on her (and Perdue)
Demographics and numbers are a lot closer in GA than SC. But you are correct, all many people need to see is white woman Republican running against black man Democrat.
This. Conservatives would vote for a corpse over a Democrat. The only way for progress is literally beating them by sheer number and dragging their asses kicking and screaming into the future. It's basically how any progress has been made in the entire history of this country.
Try pious black man and scary white woman and the results would still be the same.
Yeah, we need to realize the people voting for these chodes don't actually watch debates. They watch Tucker and let him tell them what to think.
No but she has the big (R) before her name so that's like %40 of state votes right there
there's a little too much value in that nickname
I would have said it was ole Jim's idea. Dude has done it before. Not his first rodeo when it comes to insider trading.
You forgot the main tenet of being a respected conservative woman in the media and/or government: blonde and skinny.
Nah, an ideal republican candidate at this point would be a barely self-aware confederate flag with a swastika tattoo, black face photos from college, who keeps repeating Trump's conspiracy theories.
\> Accumulate more wealth and power for its own sake ? Yes, 100%. Mr. Burns described it perfectly on an old episode of the Simpsons:"I'd trade it all for a little more."
It wasn't looking good for Lady Graham either, and he coasted right on through.I'd be shocked if either conservative loses in January.
As someone who lives here, I'll believe it when I see it.
As someone who has lived here their whole life...you'd be wrong. Ossof and Warnock have very big odds to overcome. The people who watch debates don't do so to be convinced that the other party is better.
The state went for Biden, and delivered another democratic house seat too, in an election where the Dems lost some of the House gains they made in 2018.It's important not to forget that for Biden's win, some credit is due even to GA republicans - comparing Biden/Trump numbers with Ossoff/Perdue numbers, it's clear the state would NOT have gone to Biden without split ticket republican voters who specifically rejected *Trump*. I *don't* think Perdue or Loeffler are convincing those voters to give them a second chance with their Trump-sucking and generally 'aim-gun-at-foot-and-fire' senatorial campaigning, or debate performances such as this.
Technically, if she wins she won't be winning re-election since she was appointed, not elected, in the first place.
She was never initially elected though
Right!? In what world is Kemp the good guy!? Well still not a good guy, but in this particular situation he's doing right lol
This is what the GOP/Republicans are trying to do now.They want to distance themselves from the "few bad apples" that Trump brought out. This allows them to then say, well Republicans aren't bad, just a few people and we aren't taking them seriously, so what's it matter?DO NOT LET THEM HIDE THE FACT THEY HAVE AS A WHOLE LARGELY PUSHED IMMORAL, ILLEGAL, AND UNHELPFUL AGENDAS. SIMPLY BEING NOT AS BAD AS THE OTHERS WHO YOU ASSOCIATE WITH DOES NOT MEAN YOU ARE Good.There were large amounts of KKK members who refused to kill, or physically attack people,, but they still showed up to watch or support their fellow hateful friends.
So, even though Kemp is a lying, cheating bastard, he knows that Georgia, let alone the entire country, could not take four more years of Trump.
Im going to tell you something I told my wife about GA government. Georgia has gained a shit load of economic power in the last 20 years and are in no way going to mess that up for the state. Both Republican and Democrat governors and legislators had a hand in its rise too.
Yeah I guess that's fine for optics but sitting by and watching them attempt it because them winning would benefit you still means he should have a fear of red dots
Only if there was oil in that country or something else the corporations or Wall St. want to steal.
When I speak with my hard right parents, it's clear we do not live in the same reality. Even things that I would consider objective facts, are apparently not to everyone.
Some planet where the 7 deadly sins are considered a virtue.
A few minutes in, I thought she was just dead inside, but after a few more minutes, I definitely started to wonder if she was ever alive in the first place. She was the worst automaton.
That is strength I guess to patriots.
reptiles don't have emotions to show
Misappropriating confidence in a strong personality and not being able to tell if someone has zero empathy or good sense is a solid trait of the Right.
I hate the woman, but this need to be pointed out:  ANY emotion a woman politician shows on stage gets turns against her, epically by republicans. She doesn't smile enough, she smile too much, she's not anger enough, she screech's too much, on and on.
There's no soul behind her eyes. Same glazed look like Gaetz, Michelle Bachmann, Drumpfs, etc.
They'll only be a racial minority if you lump all other minorities against them they're still going to be the largest racial group for a long long time.
Lindsey didn't sound like a robot at least. Graham performed way better in his debate and that's saying something because his was pretty poor, and I hate Graham more than any politician.(Maybe tied for Cruz)
You could get like +150 odds parlaying those bets
They could watch the debate and still claim Loeffler won the debate.  It's insanity.  The debate is a nonfactor
Her face is 50% Botox. No emotion
Well she sucked dick to get herself a whole buncha money so someone either thinks she's attractive or she's got some serious pulling power.
To be fair, Raphael Warnock has won 0 political elections as well. But he is a person who actually cares about other people, so that alone makes him more qualified.
The other 15% would care but not enough to change their vote.
Feels like they could murder someone on 5th Ave in New York and nothing would be done...
Senator Jim "Snowball" Inhofe is what I call him. Senator Snowball for short
Same here.  I don't believe either Dem has a chance but am hoping...
He was literally the ref and a contender in his last election against Stacey Abrams.
There is a line to cross and sometimes even the greatest villains won't cross it. Michael Myers violently murdered some baby's mama, but when he got to the crib he decided not to stab the baby. He did take some time to think about it though.
I can't emphasize this enough: Kemp absolutely supported Trump and \*only opposed Trump when it affected him personally.\* He's the poster boy for supporting something bad \*so long as it just doesn't affect him.\*
He just knows basic math. Giving Georgia's electoral votes to Trump still leads to a Biden presidency. Why would he play the coup card when it still leaves him with a losing hand?
Also could be that he "Got His" and doesn't want to risk his position for helping someone else cheat, especially when the whole country is watching you.
More importantly, he knows that even if Georgia did give its electors to Trump, Biden would still win. They'd need another swing state to do the same, and there's no indication that will happen.So he'd be making his state a laughing stock and probably ending his political career for nothing. I don't think he's resisting Trump because it's the right thing to do. I wouldn't put it past him to try this if there was a reasonable chance it could work.
Let's not give him that much credit. I'm almost certain Kemp voted for Trump. He just knows that there are limits to how far you can go in stealing an election. Plus switching GA doesn't change the race.
The soul of the fascist Kelly Loeffler died years ago. And her forced smile would make small children cry but exposing children to this person would be cruel.
It's strength to men who think women shouldn't speak up, be powerful. Like a 1950s homewife. I mean, Make America Great Again...
PINOs , Patriots in Name Only. They support un-American, anti-democracy efforts by Trump to seize power regardless of the election results.
Yeah, conservatives tend to identify with self-aggrandizing, sociopaths.
Only if the person is a Republican.  The same people who see Loeffler's robotic lack of emotion as a good thing are all too eager to claim Clinton was a sociopath, or Gore didn't excite anyone, or Kerry was boring, so on and so forth.It doesn't matter if it's true or not (and I argue it's not even really true) because they don't care to apply the same criticism to their own party.  So they can get fucked.
I slowed the debate down and she licked her eyeballs 3 timesI have proof that will come out during the Great Reptile Trial of 2033
I disagree. My friend had an iguana and it was 100% emotional. I used to play fetch with it. And it knew who I was. He'd run over to me to get head scratchies. She's a robot programmed to just repeat lines.
Ma'am, please don't be so shrill. No need for hysterics....^^^^is ^^^^it ^^^^that ^^^^time ^^^^of ^^^^the ^^^^month?
Sounds exactly like what a robot would say Mr. Bot ( I know you're not really a bot. Don't blow up my inbox)
Wait, we have robot farms now?
Yeah, Chancellor T'kuvma really moved the Empire from targ whistles to targ megaphones
> if you lump all other minorities against themWell, yeah, that's exactly how white supremacists think.
I make this point every time someone says this. What kind of analysis do people have of demographics when they literally think it is a matter of white vs everyone else. I personally think this kind of thinking perpetuates us versus them racial identity politics. Although I know we have racial problems and a legacy of white male power holding back women and people of color, America is not white people versus everyone else. The Civil Rights movement demonstrated that and the BLM protests all summer long have reinforced that many of us see humanity and not race.
Any person who actually reads and understands Jesus' teaching will not support GOP.
Warnock had 1,617,035 votes. All other Dem candidates: Jackson, Lieberman, Johnson,  James, Slade, Winfield and Tarver combined for 761,277 votes. That's 2,378,312 Dem votes across all 8 candidates. Loeffler + Collins combined for 2,253,668 votesmAll other Republican candidates: Grayson, Jackson, Taylor and Johnson combined for 172,452 votes. That's 2,426,120 votes across all 6 Republican candidates.There were also 109,929 votes for 6 Independent candidates.Dems need to overcome a 47,808 vote gap.
FWIW, FiveThirtyEight has Ossoff and Warnock ahead in the polls.  FWIW
Yeah he very likely stole the election, and if he didn't he sure acted as though he did when he ordered the evidence destroyed.
Stealing one election was enough for him.
I always thought he debated picking him up and taking him out stabbing with him. Raise him to be a good killer just like that Jason and his momma!
This is a good point. Kemp stole his own election so we KNOW it's not like he's interested in protecting the integrity of the electoral process.
I think what most people are missing is that conservatives aren't looking to flip one state. They are looking to break the dam.They are hoping if one governor/state breaks then others will flood through as well. After all, if Georgia flipped then Biden has 290 electoral votes, not 306. Thats much more viable at that point.It is absolutely delusional and destructive to Democracy, but I'm certain that's a big part of their (pretend) game plan. The problem they are running into is that no politician wants to be the first one. If the electoral college was just a few points away from eachother then there would be a lot more fuckery, but we got lucky that it is as decisive as it is. In that scenario, I really wouldn't be surprised if a republican governor did go against democracy.
I can't even imagine how differently things may have played out if Biden's EC margin of victory was smaller. What if he came down to one or two states. Scary stuff.
I wonder if they are all waiting for another governor to take the first step.
Pulling up the ladder behind you is a hallmark of conservatism.
Also could be that the person he would be helping is *actively throwing him under the bus right now,* so what's in it for him?
Come now, don't be mean to synths.
"Boy, the way Glenn Miller played..."
So her husband runs her senate too I assume?
Nationalists. The word you're looking for is nationalist.
i always liked the "y'allqeda" term.
More shadow people propaganda! The noble Lizard Race is not active during these harsh winter months.
*alien reptiles have no emotion lol.
Check out @SpikeDays on Instagram. He's a super cool bearded dragon who nods his head when he's happy.
I actually thought that after I posted lol. Hind sight is 69/420 after all.
Not really, ethnicities get absorbed into the power bloc as time goes on.Irish and Italian are "white" now, and werent at the turn of the century.Jews are basically already in unless they're orthodox.
We're talking about white supremacists. Go to their sites, that's how they do the math.
it's easy to lure dumbass people into anger and hate.
I wish someone would make a short but comprehensive work to this effect. I want to make this argument to conservative Christians in my life but I always fall short of making a convincing argument.
Jesus' teaching demanded sacrifice.  The purpose of conservative political voices today is self-importance (proud to be American; "Real" American; White Supremacy).  These two things cannot exist together.This is the fundamental reason that being "Christian" has nothing to do with any teachings, and is instead just a virtue signal.  Same with being a "Real" American, etc.  It's about who you are, rather than about what you do.This is why virtue ethics are useless.  You can only judge people on what they do, and minimally on what they say.
That's assuming every one of those people vote again and in the exact same way, not taking into account new voters. Anything can happen... Hopefully enough Trump supporters don't turn up like they've been saying and the ones that do are financially affected enough to recognize why the Dems need to win this or they won't survive
He ratfucked the Special Election in 2017, too, when Ossoff tried to get the then-vacant 6th District Representative seat.[https://apnews.com/article/877ee1015f1c43f1965f63538b035d3f](https://apnews.com/article/877ee1015f1c43f1965f63538b035d3f)That's the one we know he probably asked for the data to be deleted, given the sequence of events.  He ratfucked the gubernatorial race in 2018, too, but as far as I know there's no leads on him deleting data for it... but there *were* statistically significant undervotes that happened in that election which indicated tampering with vote totals.
Just proves he's selfish more so than radical. Not necessarily any better. Just different.
It's the most Republican in essence. "Fuck you, I got mine."
Only a synth deals in absolutes.
Songs that made the Hit Parade....
No, Goddamn it!  PINO's is something that would actually piss them off and shame them!  They are proud to be called White Nationalists.  Calling a bigoted piece of shit a *Nationalist* **DOES NOT** offend them!   Plus Pino is a type of wine which, to them, would seem effeminate, which would be more lemon juice on the wound.  PINO's works so much better because it tears apart what they think they actually are - patriots.  It bastardizes their definition against them. They do this all the time towards liberals, and it works. God fucking damn it, this is why the left sucks so bad at memes, stop trying to pander to reality.  You have to make up something that's flashy; not hyper accurate!
They did the same thing with McSally, so lets see what happens.
She specifically requested the room be at 80 F and 75% humidityPart of her mobility issues stem from it being 72 F and 40 % humidity
Case in point, the being who is one and not several Ted Cruz
Irish and Italians were always "white", they were just the wrong kind of white. They were evil Catholics who worship the Pope or something. Protestants still have a weird hangup about Catholics. Like, a lot of Protestants were actually worried that JFK would take orders from the Pope. I think actual white supremacists still have something against them. I'm never sure where those guys are on if Catholics are actually Christian or not.White supremacists *hate* Jews, and think they are a part of some global cabal to enslave the the planet.
They also have to overcome the likely hundreds of thousands of Democrats who showed up for one purpose, and one purpose alone: to kick Trump out. I think the media is massively undercounting how many Democratic voters that includes.
Guys like us, we had it made ...
If by "her own woman" you mean "a rubber stamp for Trump". She has a genuinely 100% Trump-aligned [voting record](https://projects.fivethirtyeight.com/congress-trump-score/kelly-loeffler/). She does not think for herself at all. She serves no purpose in that chamber other than to mindlessly parrot the orange god-emperor's policies. She could literally be replaced with a robot, in every aspect of her existence.
He's *only 15 years older than her*??? Maybe I saw a pic of the wrong guy - but he looked about 25-30 yrs older (balding, had a body like 'George' from Seinfeld)...was it her dad?
Nationalist Christians, or Nat-C's for short.
American' current nationalist problem goes beyond white people. Cubans, soothern Americans and so one.  Not in the same percentages, but it's there.
Hey one of my childhood best friends was a reptilian from the planet cygnus and he was an overly sensitive crybaby.  /s
Goils were goils and men were men.
I'm still super upset about how our Cuban population ruined our chances of Florida turning blue this year. I still hold out hope that enough of them still think for themselves and will swing back after four years of Biden shows them that he will not in fact turn out to be an American Castro and that their livelihoods will only improve under his watch, but I suppose that only time will tell.
And you knew who you were then
Bingo. Gotta keep that inside info flowing for those sweet inside trades.
I don't understand how Cubans hate Castro and what he stood for so much that the Republican Party can say "SOCIALISM!" and they vote accordingly, but they don't recognize the echos of Casto's Cuba in what the Republican Party is DOING...
Goyles were goyles and men were men...
If All in the Family aired today, every republican would be losing their shit and screaming radical left agenda.
Seriously. The party of Trump has been going for an authoritarian power grab, plain as day. It baffles me that a people who supposedly so vehemently opposed being held under the thumb of a dictator are now jumping at the chance to get themselves pinned right back under the tiny orange thumb of another one.
mister we could use a man like herbert hoover again...
Naw, I think most wouldn't understand it. See the songs they play at rallies.
Well, the actor was a hardcore liberal. The entire reason he did the show was to poke at all the isms. Or at least, so I've heard.
Observable reality has a history of anti-conservative bias.
They have a week.After the 14th, they'll have a consequential event around which to coordinate their shifting narratives.I guess none of them wants to step out of line because they're worried about their mentions or possible threats they might get until the rest of the GOP is forced to acknowledge reality.I guess it's also possible that Republicans really are so stupid that they can't foresee the consequences of refusing to concede that Biden won after it's official; At this point that would be sad but not surprising.
Republicans have made an entire career out of refusing to publicly acknowledge the obvious.  Why would this be any different?
If they don't agree with the results, may they should just fuck right off.
Let them go have their pretend country. In each of their representative districts, they don't have to pay any taxes and their government can do nothing while Foxnews and Newesmax just tell them they're big strong big tough boys and their military is the best and they get everything. In return,  their votes in the real world don't matter, they get no federal benefits and no one will be allowed to move into their districts without their explicit permission. The federal government will give any citizens in those state money to emigrate to the real country or to stay in place if that's what they prefer and their votes will be allocated to any representative that chooses to live in the real world.If they don't believe in the federal government then they shouldn't get federal dollars anymore.
How fitting for the fascist party.
14 words and the number 88 are magical to these white power people.    Comically surprised by this headline. CNN made a funzies.    *edit: clarified*
They're afraid of the Mad King and his toxic minions
Because they're fucking children.  Not literally, of course. Well maybe Gaetz and Graham....
BuT SuItCaSe KrAcKeN dOmInIoN fLiPpInG mAiL fRaUd!
Secede! And take your Senators with you!
Remember their names. Mark them forever as the enemies they are.
Party over country - every time.You see this Joe?  This ain't ever going to change.  Don't be a sucker.
To my amazement, Moran has. Our other Kansas senator, Pat Roberts, is so senile he probably thinks Resgsn is still predident.
They literally can't or they face their own terrorists along the prospects of actually having to work for a living without their socialist healthcare for themselves and their families paid for by tax payers.They also lose the perk of never having to take a drug test because they're elected officials.
It's troubling that an entire party believes Trump won.  I can only surmise that they, too, were in on the plot to dismantle our democracy. Our founding fathers were a group of intellectuals and if they were to see the how the GOP is acting today they would be appalled. They believed in sacrifice and in protecting the constitution, in putting aside petty party politics and in serving the people.  By not acknowledging that Biden won they are continuing to dismantle faith in our government and how it works.Trump IS ignorant and has little value in understanding how our government works.  George Washington once wrote to a friend about his biggest fear being "some aspiring demagogue who will not consult the interest of his country so much as his own ambitious views." And yet over 70 million people voted for this demagogue, even after countless incidents where he tried to overthrow tradition or laws, such as the emoluments clause, releasing his tax returns and attempting to funnel funds from congressionally approved budgets to his border wall project.  I think we should all be appalled that 70+ million can't see through this conman.
Right now they are following the Trump train, and they don't want to be the one who upsets the gigantic crybaby.  Certainly, the general expectation is that Trump as any political force is going to fade away quickly, so there is no need to bring on the wrath now.  This will be especially true if Trump is indicted for tax fraud or some other legal encumbrance, and then you'll see a defection from the base - given though there is still the 'Deep State' out to get Trump and all Republicans.  It's going to be interesting though, because for some reason the GOP seems to have bought into and accepted this persona of an *Infallible Leader*, and if Trump becomes meaningless, who then becomes the next 'Supreme Leader Marshall of the Republic', in the mold of Kim Jung-un.
I'm sure there's room for compromise with these folks.
Ugh, I'm so sick of this "reality" thing liberals keep talking about.
What is going to happen if they take back the house in 2022, and they elect a speaker on a platform of denying the legitimacy of the 2020 election?Edit: This is a rhetorical question, by the way.
Republicans: wait, we live in a democracy? WTF is that?
It's not that the majority of them don't see the writing on the wall. It's that they're absolutely *terrified* of Trump's batshit base. No one wants to be the first to come out say, "Yeah, Biden won" then wake up the next day to armed militia cosplayers protesting outside their house. Look how Trump riles up his base on twitter against *anyone* that dares question his rigged election narrative. My hope is that after the EC vote on the 14th, enough of them come out in unison to accept the result that Trump would find it more difficult to throw specific people under the bus.
If they were truly serious, any of whom were on ballots with results they purportedly have a problem with should step down and not accept the results of their own elections. I mean, if they're serious.
I'd like to take this opportunity to thank all the Very Prudent American Voters who made the wise decision to split their tickets and vote for Biden for president but GOP down the rest of the ballot. What lucid wisdom they must have to be unable to distinguish the alpha wolf from the rest of the pack, truly a remarkable feat of judgement. Surely they won't get bitten.
I worry that this thinking is too generous and is painting Republican politicians as merely spineless but otherwise decent people who can tell right from wrong. Another perspective is that they've been waiting to see if the Trump team could pull off the coup and are hedging their bets, making them active participants and willing to throw their weight behind the anti-democratic takeover as soon as they could get away with it. They are complicit, not silent.
Don't forget about Hunter Biden smuggling illegal caravans in his laptop to help Obama's transsexual wife's deep state coup institute Sharia law from their headquarters in the basement of a demon worshipping cannibal pedophile pizza place.  If Facebook takes down your post about this, it's only because you are getting too close to the truth!
Lets only try to prevent minorities with last names that start with A-M. Lets only take the oldest of your children away at the border.Lets only allow police to murder indiscriminately in months with 30 days. Lets only cripple people born on a Monday, Wednesday or Friday with medical debt. The others get college debt. Lets only make companies that have an even number of employees pay taxes. The sad thing is, all of these things would actually be an improvement.
Senate's afraid they'll lose momentum on the runoffs in Georgia.  The House has some batshit members so there's a mix in there of true believers into the bullshit claims.  Most of the Republican senators are just craven opportunists trying to walk the line to hold onto power.
Yeah what has reality ever done for me!
January 20th, 11:59am."Will Biden be President?""We'll see."
Yeah, I feel until it's official in Congress they won't admit it, plus the Senate runoffs are on the Jan 5th and they want to keep the base in GA as angry as possible to get out the vote.
I think that many of them will be denying it way past then.  Objective facts just mean nothing to some of these people.
According to them we live in a republic. They conveniently ignore the part where we use democracy to appoint our representatives.
They're not afraid of militias, they're afraid of primaries.As long as Republican voters refuse to accept reality, Republican politicians will pander to them.
Exactly, but they're huge hypocrites and would never. Fuck these assholes.
January 20th, 12:01 pm."Biden was successful in his coup by votes"
Hell, it worked with Garland. This is just the GOP playbook now.
Hearts and minds. DEMS should send every GOP voter in GA a titty magazine, some beef jerky, and if they really want to seal the deal they could send them a free year of satellite television with the nascar Pay per view channels unlocked.
"Help me, my stimulus is stuck"
So, not that I agree with R's, ever, but we are in fact a (democratic) constitutional republic.Majority does not rule, (that would be a democracy)The law does. (Which makes it a republic.)That republic/an and democra(cy/t) are similar in spelling makes no difference, although I'm sure R's conflate them because their base doesn't know any better.
I have yet to hear any Republicans asked this publicly.It would be nice to hear on camera how the top of the ticket is supposedly fraudulent...while the rest of the ticket, where Republicans won their seats, are somehow not fraudulent.I wish several media groups would pick this line of questioning up on the same day and see how staggered the reactions are.
he FRAUDED all those americans into voting for him, the SICK BASTARD
Republic is the operations center of our government. Democracy is the delivery system to decide who and how that government works. They are not mutually exclusive in America; our Constitution makes it so one cannot thrive without the other.
Nope, they did it to launder him some money while also promoting fringe nazi bullshit as "bestselling books"
Using donations to line your sons pocket its amazing
Remember this oldie but goodie...."Hillary got 100000 a speech..... look at the corruption... Lock Her Up!!!!"They have no position.
I can also sign toilet paper with his name
How does that work?  "Donate $20 or we're gonna send you a copy of Don Jr.'s book"?
This is hard core promotion of an inherently non-charismatic person for the purpose of elevating him to a position he is not qualified for.
Well yeah most people know at this point his book was bought in bulk purchases which is why there's that little dagger symbol in the nty best selling list.
I don't believe he signed those books himself, let alone wrote it. Both seem like more actual work than DJTJ is capable of.
He looks like a hobo clown.
If I had $300,000 I could pay off my home, my student loans, and have a lot left over for home improvements and even saving for my son's college.  These guys wipe their asses with it.
funny way to say money laundering.
Who the fuck would want to read that assholes book?
Republican donors shocked to learn they've been conned yet again.
He's gonna need the money for legal expenses to avoid jail. The grift continues.
I know there's a toilet paper shortage, but the price gouging is getting absurd.
Can you imagine someone actually sitting down and reading a book by Don Jr.?
Both the RNC and all of their PAC's have done this [horse shit](https://thehill.com/opinion/white-house/474662-the-myth-of-the-conservative-bestseller) for years and not just with books.  At least there is some
You don't think jr signed 10000 books?
> promoting fringe nazi bullshit as "bestselling books" The Ann Coulter Racket
This is actually how a lot of books, especially political books, become top sellers.Buy a ton of your own stuff immediately to get the top seller PR and hand out all the copies as gifts to start a reader base.
Yep, and yet they tried to clutch pearls over Hunter Biden having a job.
And they flipped out over the Obamas getting a Netflix production deal after leaving the  presidency.  I can't wait for their equivalent outrage when Trump slaps his branding on a far right media outlet.  /s
While this is blantently laundering money via a loop hole, lets not pretend that holding closed door $100,000 speeches and endless $2800 donor dinners for lobbyists and wall street execs is totally cool.
The Trump crime family has captured the GOP and expects full obedience and a steady flow of cash.
He's stoic the same way the people who tell you they have a high pain tolerance are the opposite. I.e the pain is bothering you a lot so you think you must have a high pain tolerance for dealing with it but the people that actually have a high pain tolerance aren't bothered by it in the first place.
It really should be and hopefully if we ever get compaign finance reform this is a loophole that will be closed
Can we not ruin toilet paper while there's hardly enough for everyone as it is?
Get in line... native Americans are still waiting for government promises
[Maybe you could hook me up with a little stimmy.](https://getyarn.io/yarn-clip/e050b567-0c94-4bad-8191-c8e97152f811)
More like give us 20000 and we will pardon you later ...if I still like you
20 dollars is fair not having that book in my memory.
Nobody, that's why daddy bought it
I don't think they have learned anything.
Not mutually exclusive.  Also your correction is still a sketchy action by all parties involved.
Are you saying the use of anonymous sources is not journalism? Because if that's what you're saying, you're wrong.
They exist!  My wife and I were at her Trumpy aunt and uncle's house the other day and came across this beautiful bookshelf: https://imgur.com/a/rz3CvknThere was a second, larger shelf that was also full and included Don junior's first book.
I'm afraid i've actually seen Trump books gifted last Christmas at a family gathering me and my gf were invited too...Let me tell you, it's not only illiterate people that worship him...I made sure i didn't bring up my hate for Trump or my first impression there wouldn't be a good one...
No because the only people who care about what he or his dad says can't read.
They probably used it as toilet paper.
reading it? no. buying it and putting it on a table somewhere and saying they read it? absolutely.
I saw someone I thought was really cute from class so I was going to approach her when I noticed that she was holding Sarah Palin's book (this was in 2010 or so). I noped out of that.
They got the idea from the evangelical churches who do the same thing with all of their so-called faith books. Most of those get bought in bulk by the churches and then given away at events or raffles sponsored during services.Frankly the best of lists need to start screening these kinds of things out.
I don't think he wrote a book either.
How tough is it to make an "X"?
This would not be a tax write off though.
Seeing how he's actually planning to start his own channel that might actually not happen, at least not until the very inevitable bankruptcy.
We aren't pretending, but she was selling her experience on the open market through speeches. She earned the experience.  I get paid for my experience.  I maximize it every chance I get.  Eric?  What experience?  He and his father are being bought.  Trump is still in office.
The difference is Clinton was making the fees based on her experience and knowledge as a draw.  She had valuable things to say and she was paid on the A scale for speeches.  People at her level get paid a lot to speak.  Just wait until you see what they pay Trump.
I'd pay extra to wipe my ass with Donald Trump Jr.
They literally don't know how anything works. It's astonishing and just shows they never paid attention to anything before trump was elected and now they think they have proof everything is a scam when in reality they are just pointing common things everyone already knew who wasn't a 3rd grade dropout.
The cognitive dissonance that it takes to put the Hunger Games, a story about toppling a minority rule, authoritarian regime through collective protests, next to everything Ann Coulter has ever published makes my ears bleed
Holy shit, this is the pantheon of shit lit.
Have they actually read them though?
How did they get The Hunger Games in there? Did they mix up Susan Collins with Suzanne Collins?
Imagine not only buying those, but being proud of them and displaying them.
I can tell she's awful without even taking her choice of authors into consideration because of the way she organizes her books. What kind of psycho zigs zags the order instead of going left to right on every shelf.
I'm surprised they were capable of alphabetizing.
I guess they missed the part of The Hunger Games where the wealthy elites who recruit children to fight to the death for their entertainment are the *bad people*. You know... The ones who live at "The Capitol" and the hero is from the severely impoverished Appalachian Mountains who then joins a rebellion in an uprising of laborers?
You could have ruined their day by pointing out Coulter is misfiled after D'Souza.   Given the complete Glenn Beck oeuvre, I'm surprised those are normal movies instead of Alex Jones films.  Maybe you should gift them a copy of *The Obama deception* and nudge them on to their final destination.
I love the *Hunger Games* series tucked into that top shelf lmao
Pretty telling that the book on the dead center of the shelf is titled Surrounded by Idiots
OMG.  I got cancer just looking at that photo.
To use a gifts for donors? I'm sure there is a loophole in there.
Did he? Maybe they forged it
>Seeing how he's actually planning to start his own channelThat seems like a weird move to me. I would think the better profit to effort ratio for Trump would just be to license his name to someone else so that they can set up a news organization under his name and he can get the credit, the way he does with most of his buildings.
The donations went to charitable causes, not the Clintons.  If the Clintons hadn't raised money to help others, they probably would have been criticized for that too.
Literally every politician takes donations.  Why would her taking donations disqualify her, but not every single member of congress and the president?  What a reach.
Just admit you don't understand what anonymous sources are because you never paid attention to the news until a few years ago.
An anonymous source took down Nixon. You're acting like no one knows the source, as if they're just some rando. Newsflash for you: anonymous sources have been apart of journalism for a long ass time. The journalists know who the source is, reputable journalists wouldn't just spout shit and risk losing credibility. It's clear that you don't actually understand how journalism works.
My favorite is "Liberal Fascism", which has a smiley face with a Hitler moustache on the spine.
Anger is fertilizer for Conservatism.One of the reasons Democrats don't do as well with people they should do well with (workers, rural poor, etc) is they tend to be filled with level headed people prefering rationalism.Look at the debate about the tone Democrats should take in response to the proto-fascist coup attempt of the last 4 years.Progressives tend to be frustrated by this as well.
No irony.They just have a different opinion on who the protagonist and antagonist is.Like /r/EmpireDidNothingWrong/
The wife does and talks about them incessantly.  The husband couldn't read the back of a children's cereal box.
They thought it was about immigrants and minorities who can't afford food.
That bookshelf is probably so embarrassed
I'm guessing she plays fantasy football; it's the serpentine draft of bookshelves.
The second shelf goes from right to left.
The Giver also in there. Dystopian YA novels.
The Great Library of AlexjonesiaThe *worst* wonder in all of the Civ series.
They were on vacation and we were moving some furniture for them, so all safe on this end =)
And if there is, that fucking family will find it and bend it even further.
Isn't forging when the person allows you to use the stamp of their signature
yeah except hillary wasnt in power while she was selling speeches.  that's the difference
She isn't worth 120 million.  She is worth around 45 million per Forbes. Most of her money is from speeches and her book, but she worked 30 years in government and can sell her experience.  It's is called value of her experience.  But anyway... Eric has no actual skills. This is a pure money laundering operation.  I suspect your against it if you are against Hillary.  Should we talk about the Georgia republican candidates then too?   Happy to cover that.
What corruption?  They wanted her to speak, they paid the going rate.  Its pretty straight forward.
It means a great deal of difference.  One is a valid identified common means of earning an income.  You sell your experience to the market.  You give speeches and work.  The money is the after you do the work of 30 plus years in serious roles which affected our country.The other is selling a book probably written by someone else and getting 300K for an autographed copy by a person who has done nothing ever worth note.  The book is fluff and the money is unearned income being funneled in the clear.  It isn't even trying to hide the corruption.
Do they realize that those words are contradictory?
I personally like "Obamanomics"Just rolls right off the tongue
Fascism is inherently conservative. They like to use at as a synonym for authoritarianism bc they are too stupid to know the difference. They like to parrot and project the things they are called. Basically; no u!
Perhaps they should read up on how Hitler took power, what Hitler did social-wise, and how he was perceived in Germany (right wing)
No, that's incorrect.My IT department is chock full of Star Wars Republicans. They do not see themselves as the dark side/sith/empire, but as the plucky protagonists. They do not understand underlying messages beyond "empire = bad, rebels = good", that this could be taken as a metaphor for the real world seems to be entirely lost on them, and when they do, they don't "get it". It's like the spongebob meme of Spongebob trying to explain something to Patrick.Broadly, to conservative viewers of popular fiction it is more about "good overcoming evil" rather than "what is the nature of good and evil"Just like most racists do not see themselves as racist, because "racism = bad", despite pushing policies and worldviews that are inherently racist. They are the good guy in their story.
They seem like open minded people. They've got George W and Laura Bush up on the top shelf, and they're practically communists, right?
This comment put a laugh in the start of my day, thank you.
I would have guessed from right to extreme right.
Only someone who has the complete Ann Coulter collection would think to alphabetize this way. A total monster.
Holy shit, you're right.  It's a circle of bullshit.  It's the Dewey Dumbledore system of filing.
Pleeeease talk about the Georgia Republican senators' massive corruption.It should be all we are talking about up until the fifth.We cannot let both-sidesing and misogyny inform us.
I've read the book. Of course it misused the words "liberal" *and* "fascist" all throughout. Jonah Goldberg is supposed to be smart, and I've read enough of his columns to know he's fairly intelligent. I could only conclude that *Liberal Fascism* was a deliberate exercise in disingenuousness.
No, they just repeat tired, ludicrous right wing talking points like "Nazis are socialists because of the term "national socialist" or "Southern democrats used to be affiliated with the KKK".
> Star Wars Republicans. They do not see themselves as the dark side/sith/empire, but as the plucky protagonists.Hmmm...the greatest military anyone has ever seen goes to a backward desert area and kills some farmers. The family member who finds the destruction becomes radicalized, meets a religious fanatic who lives in a  cave, joins his extremist religion, and starts conducting a series of terrorist attacks which culminate in the hugely visible destruction of a symbol of government power.9/11, or A New Hope? You decide.(edit: letters)
They bought them before BLM got to them
yeah no actual power to change laws or reward or punish donors
Kelly Loeffler used inside information on Covid to make over a million dollars in stock sales prior to the major drop in the market. Loeffler still pushes the right wing "just the flu" mantra while she herself knew the truth and said nothing. David Perdue has been using insider information gained on committees in the Senate for years to make over 2000 trades netting him millions in profits.  Perdue refused to debate because he know he would be questioned on it.
Can you point to a specific corruption that hillary is guilty of?
Don't tell me you mean... propaganda??
People who claim fascism is a left wing ideology are either utterly ignorant or evil, seeking to deflect away from their own fascist tendencies.Essentially these people argue that Conservatives can't be fascist because only leftists are fascists.Meanwhile they continue to drive Republicans deeper and deeper into actual fascism.
> Regarding Fox News, Goldberg said, "Look, I think liberals have reasonable gripes with Fox News. It does lean to the right, primarily in its opinion programming but also in its story selection (which is fine by me) and elsewhere. But it's worth remembering that Fox is less a bastion of ideological conservatism and more a populist, tabloidy network."Toxic positivity. He's an authoritarian crock of shit. The most watched cable news network is *literally a bastion of ideological conservatism* to those who watch. That's the problem and Fox News and other nefarious right-wing propaganda networks. They're designed to radicalize. The Fox News fan's entire world view, socially, economically, geopolitically, and culturally, is entrenched in authoritarian philosophy. Goldberg is good at playing a moderate while enabling and brushing-off right-wing radical positions. He's one of those right-wing intellectuals that knows how to beat around the bush, softening the blows and pretending to take the high road for conservatives, as if there is a legitimate high road.
> deliberate exercise in disingenuousness.Why are we trying to come up with long-winded euphemisms for lying?
I spent six and half years in Afghanistan. I used to explain to people that we were the Empire.
The point is, they haven't burned them *yet*, and I think that qualifies them as broad minded.
You say Clinton is corrupt, full stop, but I'll bet you can't name one corrupt action she's taken.
Do corporations like putting out money without a return?
That's an interesting variant spelling of "cha-ching"
r/asktrumpsupporters, r/conservative, r/conspiracy, etc, is nothing short of an exercise in seeing how long you can be gaslit without killing yourself. The projection is palpable.
It's pretty obvious when only far right extremists praise hitler and are nazis as well. Plus the whole antifa being a very liberal movement or whatever you would call it since it's not a group.
How is getting paid for a speech bribery?
Did you miss the last sentence of the first paragraph??>"Beginning in 2015, multiple investigations were conducted into alleged wrongdoing by the Foundation, including a two-year inquiry initiated by the Trump Justice Department, but through 2019 no evidence of wrongdoing was found"But yeah, Clinton is so corrupt that even "Lock her up!" Trump couldn't find any evidence of wrongdoing.
"Corruption" refers to fraud or criminal abuse of a position of power for personal benefit. You're not allowed to say that Clinton is corrupt and, once all your allegations of corruption are debunked and you are unable to prove she personally benefited from any actions taken as a government official, turn around and say "Oh I didn't mean she is *actually* corrupt, I meant I have a vague feeling that she did something wrong but I won't give you any specific examples. "
>ignored my comment that shows that the Clinton foundation (that has her entire extended family on the payroll) [That is totally false.](https://www.politifact.com/factchecks/2016/sep/01/hilary-rosen/democrat-pundit-clintons-get-no-personal-benefit-f/) *None of the money donated to the Clinton foundation was paid to the Clintons*. The total amount the Clinton foundation has raised is irrelevant because it was all used to fund its charitable work. It was one of the most prominent and successful charities in the world and had a 4/4 rating from Charity Watch.
Just registered with my local voting office!
How many days until they have to stop unregistering people?
Honestly wish I could, but I live in Minnesota. Good luck Georgia! All eyes are on you guys right now.
do you need to re-register if you voted in november? asking cuz my brother lives in GA and says you don't need to, i'm just double checking.
Clarification: Today is last day for Democrat voters. GOP voters can still wait until Jan 6 to register.
It's super easy to check if your registration is valid. Asking random people on the internet if your registration is valid isn't the way to do it.
Jan 6 is actually the best registration day for Republicans, because you are able to get *two* voter cards and legally vote twice for Trump. These votes can be applied to the Presidential race and give a Georgia win to Trump!Come on Republicans, let's register and vote January 6!
As funny as this is, it's really wrong. Don't fight voter misinformation with more misinformation.
I know you're joking, but do you realize you're committing a federal crime by saying that?https://www.fbi.gov/news/pressrel/press-releases/fbi-warns-voters-about-election-crimes-ahead-of-the-november-2020-election> Examples of federal election crimes include, but are not limited to:> > Intentionally lying about the time, manner, or place of an election to prevent qualified voters from voting
Thank you! The sweetest old man knocked on my door over the weekend in Georgia. Assured me that I could vote without a Georgia ID/residency. He is the real hero!! Go vote everyone!
I said how many days until they have to stop.
I mean damn!!! That almost convinvinced me to get mad.
How do you fight against a party that always cheats?
Not everybody lives in the USA though. I'm pretty sure I commit crimes daily according to NK law.
>Assured me that I could vote without a Georgia ID/residency.    implies out of state    >Just registered with my local voting office!    implies in state.    troll status: disjointed and ineffective
Oh hahaha sorry .. the answer to that is never.
Believe it or not... non Georgia residents live in the state
In another comment they explained that they are a student, living in Georgia for college but originally from another state
If Florida had an additional "wrong" to counteract Rodriguez 2 the Senate would've flipped already.
Both look like the lady that spent all night at the bar and is haggard as hell
Coulter as vile as she is, is at least sharp and sometimes kinda funny, and has personality. Loeffler is a robot and stupid as all hell
Kelly Loeffler is Ann Coulter in drag.
Loeffler is the *Dyson Groom Groom Tool* to Coulter's *Flowbee*.
Which one won the Kentucky Derby ?
It pains me to say this, but Anne Coulter is a lot smarter than Kelly Loeffler.Then again, that's like saying a rat is smarter than a rock, so it means precious little.
I'm watching the debate right now on a taped session on c-span.  The manner in her voice,  the way she speaks, the tone in her voice.  It's very much like Ann Coulter.  The callous presumption on her point of emphasis,  the heartless manner in her response.
Wait until you hear that Alex Jones is really Bill Hicks.
Lol That was good that was a good one
I've reread this headline like 5 times thinking it said Ann Curry, and none of these comments made any sense. I couldn't figure out what Ann Curry said or did to garner so much hate.
 This is more believable than the Q anon stuff
Each receives a short-term boost of youth from the Stone of White Privilege.
Look dude, she totally knows what it's like to live paycheck to paycheck.~~https://pbs.twimg.com/media/EogaYmhW4AEyavJ.jpg~~Wrong house.  That's Steve Harvey's house in Buckhead (built by Tyler Perry).  This is Loeffler's house nearby:http://www.thisphotographerslife.com/this-photographers-life-4/2009/12/sold-homes-on-mondays-3650-tuxedo-road-descante.html(That's just one of her 6 homes).
They see Trump as a man of the people. Yes, the guy that puts his name on high-rises in NYC and shits on a gold toilet is seen as the people's choice to fight "coastal elites". There isn't anything that right wing voters won't accept as long the candidate hurts the right people.
She always reminds me of a blond Other Mother, from Coraline, mid transformation.https://i.pinimg.com/originals/60/b5/ce/60b5ce85012ab56a96f46eb35c7de14e.jpg
she has conservative talk radio syndrome. they're all like that.
Then they each take a shot of pure Lackofchrome.
Mmm, place is totally a dump. There's more money's worth in a banana stand.
Can you imagine having a house so large you need to hire an actual staff to maintain it? That's just insane.
Is the the Malibu Barbie Cokehead Dream House?
looks like a candidate for https://mcmansionhell.com/could at least make it symmetrical
Those houses are Museums of Corruption.
Pffft...Only 2 stone staircases leading to the viewing pool
> Loeffler is what happens when the Conservative Barbie machine runs out of plastic 3/4 of the way through./r/rareinsults material.
Isn't that pretty much the movie, Idiocracy?
Ann is nowhere to be seen.  Listening to Kelly,  it's like she has no soul. Just monotonous party line, on repeat,  over and over. Side note,  I am willing to bet that Ann Coulter and Bill Maher get it on.  They are like high school secret lovers when they are on Real Time together.
There's always money in the banana stand.
I wish the Dems had a better messaging/writing team.  If the roles were reversed, you *know* the GOP would hammer over and over how elitist Warnack was and win the election on that alone.Dems really can't find a way to connect with everyday people how *grossly* out of touch people like Loeffler are?  Pump out the memes, the social media posts, the commercials, the radio spots...
I live in a normal sized home, but I already wish I had a staff to maintain it!
"I'm a job provider! Over four dozen maids, thirteen sculptors, twenty gardeners, six grooms, fifteen chefs, four full orchestras (and two brass marching bands), and a pyrotechnic team come to my home to earn living! And you want to take that away from them?"
Sorry, this is Georgia, it's The Buckhead Betty Booze Mansion.
I think you mean Kelly Loeffler and Bill Maher get it on. They probably do.
They actually went on a few dates. They so obviously crush on each other outside of their jobs, but it would just never work.
&#x200B;I may be misremembering but I could have sworn in one of their books or an interview of some kind that they admitted to hiding the hotdog in the hamwallet on occasion, or maybe I am remembering some cursed fan fiction IDK
> Side note, I am willing to bet that Ann Coulter and Bill Maher get it on.There was a bit way back when he still had his old show where they would wake up in bed together and do a comedy bit, if I'm remembering it correctly.
How much clearer do I have to be??
Bill has a thing for black women but he might hate himself enough to Loeffler himself idk
Kelly is too dumb to have the adversarial back n forth to get his snobbish interest , he can be a pud though
Might have been that one Boondocks episode.
It's OK, you and your father are not required to have sex with Bill Maher. Hope that helps. Have a nice day.
FUCK, I couldn't think of a B word earlier.  Hats off to you sir.
I think she can figure out how to move her head back n forth on his pud.
Not if the LIBS have it their way.../s
Didn't you know?  One part of the liberal agenda requires everyone to have sex with everyone else, whenever anyone wants it!  Plus mandatory sex changes! /s
Turns out, you really CAN make this shit up.
>Sidney Powell, the former attorney for President Donald Trump, promoted a fake news story on Twitter alleging that 3,000 ballots had been discovered in a lake.  >  >The tweet, which suggested that the alleged ballots had all been filled out for the president, has since been shared nearly 27,000 times.  >  >Although Powell was axed from Trump's official legal team, the attorney has continued to spread countless debunked conspiracy theories alleging widespread voter fraud to her more than 1 million followers.  >  >But as is the case with nearly everything Powell shares on Twitter, the claim is entirely false.  >  >As first noted in Right Richter, a newsletter authored by Daily Beast writer Will Sommer, the story actually originated from several admitted satire news sites.  >  >Incredibly, the fake news piece never even alleged that the fictitious ballots were for the election but instead for NBC's singing contest The Voice.You know it's getting bad for the conspiracy world when they've become unable to invent their own fiction and resort to blatant plagiarism. Evidently, even "batshit crazy" experiences writer's block.
You could sell these fools anything so long as it fit their narrative. I need some Trump Crystals. Wards off libs.
Beyond parody. This shit is hilarious.
They're desperate for *any* evidence to even get them passed a motion to dismiss. I bet if someone here emails her tonight saying they've witnessed fraud, they'd end up in an amended complaint tomorrow.
She's a couple sandwiches short of a picnic, so, yeah.
If I was prosecuted by Powell or Giuliani I'd sure as shit be filing appeals to GTFO of prison; 100% those idiots submitted fraudulent "evidence".
These fucking morons are ready to upend the nation over fake Facebook memes. Fuck these people entirely.
Can't the bar association not disbar her over being this gullible?
Said it once and I'll say it again. That's the face of toxoplasmosis. Check on your crazy aunts everyone
That could be a great new game.  Who can come up with the craziest Onion-ish ideas (the MAGA nuts do have us beat on this one) and have it metastasize into a courtroom farce.
Is that one of her sworn Afterdavids
"Strange women lying in ponds distributing ballots is no basis for a system of government." - Sidney Powell
Strange women lying in lakes distributing ballots is no basis for a system of government
You know you are in trouble when you are using Facebook to build your legal case.
Did she check Hunter Biden's laptop?
Gosh I remember when satire was about funny ninja parades no one could see.Now its aiding in the decline of western civilization.Fun times.
Oh , but you can't expect to wield supreme executive power just because some watery tart threw affidavits at you!
I thought we were an autonomous collective.
SUPREME EXECUTIVE POWER is derived by a mandate of the masses, not tossing votes in a lake as part of an aquatic ceremony
Now you see the violence inherent in the system!!
A strange woman who was disowned by the very man she tries to protect
"Dennis theres some lovely filth over here!"
you took the words out of my hands!
Just need to add ", folks!" to the end of your sentence, then it's 100% true.
Nah, satire, misinformation, fiction, propaganda they are all the same for the GOP.The only important factor in this story is that her tweet got 27,000 retweets.  They thrive on the flow of misinformation.
Why do these people still have law licenses?
plagiarism?  Really?  They love it when their batshit crazy ideas are repeated, they don't ever care who repeats it.
> blatant plagiarismWut.  I hate this Karen as much as anyone, but plagiarism?  It was a fucking *retweet*.
So this is how I'm gonna wring every redneck in this town out of money. Perfect
Finding them in a pond seems to at least acknowledge they did not in fact drain the swamp.  His voters are fully submerged in it.
Few fries short of a happy meal
Pfft, you wouldn't even get convicted.
Gullible is too kind. This is a colossal failure to vet the (supposed) evidence.
I can't tell if that's Chaotic Evil or Chaotic Good.
She was going to, but Tucker lost it in the mail
"Come see the violence inherent in the system!"
She looks more like a moistened bint.
You're fooling yourself. We're living in a dictatorship!
The cult sits deep within that woman. At some point she needs help
Believe me it works believe me
You know this, already though. Everybody knows this *(elbows drive close together while hands push far apart)*. One of the most amazing men you'll ever meet, I can't say his name because then he'd get in trouble with *(gestures to reporters)* these horrible people, he comes up to me one day and he says *(now standing ramrod straight with arms at sides)*: "Sir, I didn't believe it until you ended it with 'folks'".It was the most amazing thing. The most amazing thing, and these horrible people won't even report it. Why? Because they're fake news, folks.
Yeah, how many of those 27,000 or the people that see it will see this? The damage is already done
If they got disbarred it would be viewed as overly political. I'm so tired of this asymmetrical fucking political warfare. Democrats are marching in rows and columns and Republicans are out there engaging in full-on guerilla tactics.
A few kernels short of a cob.
Little column A, little column B.
They are going after the Goliath of the deep state.
Come see the violence inherent in the system!
A couple two tree old styles short of a twelver
Didh yew sahn a afterGoliath? Becuzz agh deed!
We apologise for the fault in the comments. Those responsible have been sacked.
Let's just look at chile in 1973. If we didnt overthrow their democratically elected government and kill their president the people of chile might have gotten free healthcare and we simply cant have that.
Long before drones CIA coup plots were both successfully and unsuccessfully carried out to replace banana republic dictators. Assassinations ~~were~~ are considered legitimate international tactics in the mission of securing American security interests abroad.While we are not alone in this strategy I find with the use of drones it has all become rather too antiseptic. And while *bad guys* who have been identified in terrorist activities that killed U.S. citizens have been eliminated via remote technology does the ~~means~~ end justify the ~~end~~ means?Many innocent individuals have been mistakenly targeted and killed by errant information. The whole process is distasteful at best and certainly raises valid human rights concerns.Edit - swopped "means" and "end"
Welcome to the party, where were y'all 70 years ago?
Oh, so that's what happened to Epstein.
The US Judges that have been allowing it, need to face charges.
Michael Reinoehl was an American in the United States who was assassinated in broad daylight.
One could even argue that they have slowly been systematically "assassinating" it's citizens by funding military instead of social services.
I was taught it was illegal, otherwise why did we have ww2... is it the patriot act that has made it acceptable? How would we feel if our leader or top scientists were assassinated on our "sovereign " land? What has changed?
Assassination was banned as a political too by executive order 11905 under Gerald Ford in 1976:https://www.britannica.com/event/Executive-Order-11905It was banned for ANY reason by executive order 12333 under Ronald Reagan in 1981.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Executive_Order_12333
I remember when Obama killed a US citizen on purpose with a drone strike. I was angry then but he is still my favorite Republican President ever.
'MERICA World Police. Fuck Yeah! :(
This is pretty much it. Certainly, no one thinks it would be ok for China to go around assassinating anyone it wants.
My perception of things back from the "sane" times was that this was a vital part of our UN participation. It's not that we so much killed anyone we wanted but we got others to agree with us. The beginning of the end to this was the Obama era self-authorization to kill US citizens abroad in the name of counter-terrorism. This, itself, came from the Bush era PATRIOT act and Homeland Security initiatives but those apparatuses still worked, ostensibly, with other nations. See 5 eyes et al groups. Trump took the next step and is now just killing mofos for cool points. Or, at least it seems, to protect Israel to do it for us.
And that, right there, proves the article's title premise about a descent into despotism. On a larger scale the US also feels it can rampage around the world conducting military operations in any country without a declaration of war or UN consensus.
Or worse, they may have gotten the rights to their own natural resources
>Long before drones CIA coup plots were both successfully and unsuccessfully carried out to replace banana republic dictators. Assassinations were are considered legitimate international tactics in the mission of securing American security interests abroad.I'm not sure if this is what you mean, but as written you have this backwards.  CIA coup plots did not replace banana republic dictators, it in most cases installed them by overthrowing democratically elected leaders who didn't see eye to eye with US financial exploitation.  It has done everything in it's power to keep the autocrats in office as long as they support US capital interests.As a few prime examples see - 1973 Chile, 1953 Iran, 1954 Guatemala, Nicaragua throughout the 1990s, etc
Ford placed a ban on assassinations via EO 11905.  Carter strengthened this ban via EO 12333.  Reagan further strengthened this ban via EO 12333.The Obama administration sidestepped the ban by simply claiming that these killings were not, in fact, assassinations, but rather hugs of death or some other silliness.  The Trump administration isn't even bothering to deny it.The entire thing is both antithetical to what this country stands for and unconstitutional.  We do not mete out punishment without a trial, no matter what the person in question is accused of doing.  Engaging in these activities ultimately harms our country, no matter what short term benefits they may (arguably) bring.
My impression was that the CIA spent a lot of its time putting dictators in place, rather than removing them.
Particularly with the rise of accusations of domestic terrorism in the U.S., when do they start assassinating people in the U.S.? They've already killed American citizens with drones abroad. I mean, maybe Anwar al-Awaki had it coming but people are supposed to have a right to due process.And its more than just assassination and drones. The 2009 AUMF allows the feds to indefinitely detain people who have been accused of terrorism.
I'll add that drones might increase terrorists. Imagine a hellfire missile coming from the sky and blowing up your brother/neighbor/father/coworker/etc. I imagine some people sign up at the nearest Anti-American club. I imagine even more vote for Anti-American parties. Imagine a hellfire missile versus an armed guard trying to arrest a terrorist but eventually needs to shoot them.
>replace banana republic dictatorsIf Donald Trump was president of Pakistan, the Ukraine or Venezula, the USA would have nuked him from orbit. The USA doesn't get to decide who the world's undesirables are, simple as that.
Yea, escpecially, when they whine, when someone does them, what they do to others
JFK. MLK. Malcolm X. Too many to name.
>One could even argue that they have slowly been systematically "assassinating" it's citizens by funding military contractors instead of social services.I fixed that for you.If you paid attention to the military you would notice that they have repeatedly asked for smaller budgets by cutting billions in Congressional pork barrel projects direct to contractors that the military neither wants nor needs on its budget.
"Nine one one, what is your emergency? What you mean you're being murdered? That's illegal, people can't do that!"Laws are only valid to the extent that people are willing to uphold them. It's been shown time and time again that presidents are above the law, especially when the violation in question has large-scale bipartisan support. Actually, name any country, and I'm sure at some point in its history one of its leaders got away with breaking one of its formal laws at the time, probably in an egregious way.It's absolutely disgusting what military superpowers can get away with, and unfortunately there's not a whole lot more the average Joe can do than spreading the word. Apart from that, we can only hope the leadership has enough foresight to realise assassinations and similar crimes breed enemies, and inevitably create bigger problems down the road than the ones they solve in the short term.
One of my biggest issues with the Obama administration was that, when faced with the fact that US drone strikes were killing far too many innocent people as collateral damage, the administration decided that the solution was to change how innocents and combatants were determined in the aftermath of a strike.And once you start arbitrarily classifying all males over 16 as combatants, the ratio starts looking a lot better.
This has been a topic since at least President Johnson.
The father, who was suspected of terrorist sympathies, was killed, and then his 13 year old son, who was completely innocent, just a week later in a separate strike.Then the also completely innocent 8-year-old daughter of that man was killed by Trump just a couple weeks into his presidency.It was like Final Destination presidential assassination edition for that whole family. How unendingly infuriating.
America won't "die" as long as it still has the largest military on earth with bases scattered across the globe, the dollar is still the world's reserve currency, and it still has a large quantity of nukes. "Dying" isn't the right word.We shouldn't worry about death, but a descent into authoritarianism. That is the most likely scenario; the destruction of our democratic institutions.
We aren't really at war with the people we are drone killing, or with the countries we do it in.We are committing acts of war against stated allies - or at least against countries with which we have a tentative peace.  We get away with it because "what are they going to do about it?".It's really just a case of "might makes right".  A bully is not inherently virtuous just because they are the biggest kid on the playground.If roles were reversed, and the Yemen government was blowing up store fronts in North Carolina because of rumors of a political opponent, the USA would blow a gasket.  Even if that opponent was actively planning violence against Yemeni citizens.
That was not remotely the message of this article.
Er, no, it says both sides do it.
Regardless of views on a nation's ability to conduct assassinations, that article completely leaves out the fact that Russia used banned chemical nerve agents during their assassination attempt.
So, just because we can means we should or that it's ok?  "No one stopped me" is a pretty poor excuse for poor behavior.
"If someone comes out of a liquor store with a weapon and $50 in cash, I don't care if a drone kills him or a policeman kills him." -Rand Paul
then, like right after that- I said I'd be good with using unmanned hellfire's to take out two guys robbing a liquor store on US soil. I'm a trumphumping shit-heel, my Dad was a hustler that double-billed rube donors for congressional travel and I'm a gross pig that got a perm for my solo camping trip. -love Ayn Randy
Yeah just ask Hong Kong about it
China does.  I think most countries believe that nobody has the right to assassinate their people.  But if they feel threatened, they're prepared to respond violently to protect themselves and their people.  I can't think of a single government that I could be 100% sure would never assassinate someone who they believed to be a threat to their country.  Most would probably try to do it quietly and make it look like an accident, but they'd still do it.
I mean, most US debt is held by US institutions. 23 % is held by the government itself. Of the other 77%, only a third is owned by foreign governments. The rest is held by private citizens, banks, hedge funds, pensions, etc..But it's not like credit card debt. It's treasury bonds. Those don't get collected like personal debt. They can't get sent to collections or anything. The national debt is seriously misunderstood. I only have cursory knowledge of it, but I know it shouldn't be understood like the debt you and I have.
And that gives the United States the right to stage a coup?
banana republic is especially ironic since the phrase specifically was invented to describe countries that were overthrown for the benefit of the united fruit company
An incredible resource for this is John Perkins.
I hear your point. It is a revolving door of regime change. Sadam Hussein is a classic example. The U.S. supported that cruel vicious tyrant for years before we decided he was an intolerable liability.
>The 2009 AUMF allows the feds to indefinitely detain people who have been accused of terrorism.For a country that prides itself on affording everyone their day in court the U.S. government seems to think these detainees are rightfully denied due process. As a supposed defender of human rights globally this "let them rot" mindset by the U.S. seems inconsistent.
>>replace banana republic dictatorsUsually we assassinated democratically elected people and installed the banana republic dictator, because theyd work with our corps.This happened a lot in central and south america.  Chiquita banana comes to mind right away.>If Donald Trump was president of Pakistan, the Ukraine or Venezula, the USA would have nuked him from orbit. Only if he didnt do business with our corporate oligarchs.  Just buy their stuff and you'll find a staunch ally in the U.S. and have a free hand.For example: Saudi Arabia
From the reporting, he was killed by the Israelis, not the United States.
That's a silly standard. There are all kinds of technologies that protect soldiers from enemy fire. You've created a line drawing problem. What makes a standoff missile any more or less legitimate than a drone? Or artillery fire? Or a Naval strike? Or satellite intelligence? GPS? Advanced radio technologies? Electronic warfare? It's much better to have clearly established international laws or norms rather than trying to regulate the technology.
This isn't universally true. Presidents can give up their detail after a few years, and there was actually a cap on protection detail for a while. It was legislatively re-enacted for lifetime and signed back into law by Obama.https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Former_Presidents_Act
Never forget that whoever killed MLK had access to a police scanner to distract the police for a getaway.
I spent 20 years looking into the JFK killing (as a hobby) and finally came to the conclusion that Oswald acted alone.  Not the CIA or the Mafia.  There's a lot of smoke there but no fire.
I would gladly sleep less safe if my government would stop murdering people.
al-Awlaki wasn't just running an islamist podcast. Be truthful.
You wanna try again, telling the full truth about Anwar, or are you content being disingenuous?
Those numbers weren't exactly unbiased journalism. Numbers were extremely hard to come by since most of the places were war torn. Many of the reports from international watchdogs took casualty numbers from the villagers themselves without verification.Signature strikes also didn't make arbitrary threat classifications. It's a complete waste of time and resources (in addition to being against international law) to target civilians. Signature strikes in Waziristan almost always involved armed targets and thier associates. E.g. training camps for insurgents that were making thier way into afghanistan.The Pakistani government has essentially no control over this mountainous region.
I vaguely remember police or something dropping a bomb in a city to blow up some bad guys decades ago
If you're talking about [Abdulrahman al-Awlaki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abdulrahman_al-Awlaki), he was actually 16 years old at the time of being murdered. [Here's an op-ed in the New York Times that his grandfather wrote.](https://www.nytimes.com/2013/07/18/opinion/the-drone-that-killed-my-grandson.html)
Remind me what happened to the other military superpower?
The hegemony is already dead, and it would be best for everybody, Americans included, if it stayed dead, provided it isn't replaced by a Chinese or Russian hegemony.
B..b..but Trump might _tweet_ about me! My career might be damaged!
The person you are responding to isn't saying China doesn't assassinate people. They're saying that the same people who claim it's okay for the US to do assassinations throw fits when China does it.All governments do it, or ant to. None should ever have the power to kill a person without thorough and public review.
What countries would or would not do is not the issue. The question that was posed is moral/philosophical: Should countries (either all or some) have a *right* to assassinate anyone? Clearly not. Due process and the rule of law should apply under all circumstances, at the very least outside of an obvious battlefield.
Or naive. That the US wants to protect the "free world" is clearly a PR statement. Do you think US allies, like Saudi Arabia, represent the "free world"?The US, like any country, wants to protect its interests (its corporations, its wealth, its dominance, its access to resources, its security, etc.)
If you really think that go look up how much your country fucked up democratic processes in other countries all because it didn't fit in with your vision of sucking the American cock.
Yep, I am happy folks like you bring this up. It is a standard Republican "wHaT hAppEns wHen cHina cAlls iN aLL tHat dEbt?!?!" talking point to induce fear and stop the government from spending money to help those in need. Please don't buy into it.The U.S. debt isn't your biblical "I call my debts in, so you have to pay me now" type deal. The US issues bonds (most of which are owned by US entities) that pay out interest over time - usually in installments every half year. After a certain amount of years (usually 30) the entire debt is owed. You've already established with the entity holding the debt when to pay, and they can't change that.If for whatever reason we couldn't pay we could issue more debt and print money. If we couldn't issue more... well something is complete shit with the world economy or the U.S. is in the middle of a civil war or something and we've got a lot of bigger problems that lead up to that point.
No, his demise was mostly due to his attempt to [assassinate President Bush Senior](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1993_cruise_missile_strikes_on_Iraq#:~:text=The%20cruise%20missiles%20strike%20on,from%2014%E2%80%9316%20April%201993.).Junior didn't like that, it was simple personal revenge.
>.... In the extreme situation where we have a confirmed terrorist live-streaming his intent as he races towards a populated target with a bomb in his truck,How often do you think that happens? Do you think it happens enough to be brought into a conversation concerning whether such assassinations should be policy or not?
A trial without a defendant is unconstitutional. Every defendant has a right to face their accuser. That's why we don't have criminal trials for combatants actively engaging in conflict with the United States.
You're now talking about pre-crime, extra-judiciously killing someone for something they might do. Where is this intelligence coming from? Israel says Muhommad Al-Muslim is going to do something to the USA, can you take care of that for us? Or even worse, some poor sap gets tortured and says everyone he can think of is plotting against the USA. Arrest them. If you have evidence, you arrest them.
I helped form the Republican party in a rural Texas county, got out the vote, flipped the county from Democratic to GOP, and ended up being an elector after getting out of the military....Then I became an Economist and decided to prove the GOP policies were best at reducing poverty & crime while increasing quality of life and income plus were best for the overall US Economic Health.According to a lot of people who decided we can no longer be friends, my major mistake was changing my opinions when math said my opinion was wrong because obviously the fault is with math.I support a lot of Progressive policies because when the GOP starts screaming that their study proves M4A will cost $20 trillion over a decade what they ignore is their study saying a Private Only Insurance will coat $26 Trillion and Privately run Public Option will cost $29 Trillion.  Finally they get embarrassed enough using their own report so they go back to the drawing board showing M4A & Free Higher Education & Elimination of student loan debt will be in the mid-$30 Trillion while increasing GDP & tax revenue while the current otion is $3 Trillion more without the GDP or tax benefits.Oddly, although I've been a Democratic delegate twice I don't support a lot of the DNC's policies because of the same reason I do support Progressive policies; because the GOP says we can't buy a case of Dr Pepper at the grocery store because $6 is too much so we HAVE to keep buying it at the gas station for $10 and the DNC comes along and decides we should keep shopping at the gas station but we should be drinking Sprite.
I have to agree with tit fucker , the point still resonates even with a full description
For those that think this is hyperbole, the MOVE debacle:https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/1985_MOVE_bombing
>..We are literally not going to be able to afford to keep hundreds of military bases across the globe.The problem is that those bases and the harm they cause in the regions they are located will be the **very** last things that the US stops during it's decline.
I do believe he mentioned more than just having the largest military.
America is just protecting free trade. By which I mean countries are free to trade with us, *or else*.
Like most things, reality is in the middle. We aim to find an intersection between raising up others and advancing our own interests. Those interests include strong trading partners (in su and a generally safe world, with humanitarian pet projects of varying scale sprinkled throughout.We pick our battles and overlook, or even implicitly support, atrocities by weighing them against other factors. It's ugly and often filled with corruption, but it resolves and restrains countless disasters as well.Having said all that, it's hard to argue that the "checks and balances" that allow any of this to work aren't coming apart at the seams. If there's one thing we should be investing in, it's a historically aggressive audit and modernization of our military and government.
I recommend this article in English in the German magazine Der Spiegel. It is a former droe operator describing his job:[https://www.spiegel.de/international/world/pain-continues-after-war-for-american-drone-pilot-a-872726.html](https://www.spiegel.de/international/world/pain-continues-after-war-for-american-drone-pilot-a-872726.html) >Bryant saw a flash on the screen: the explosion. Parts of the building collapsed. The child had disappeared. Bryant had a sick feeling in his stomach.  >  >"Did we just kill a kid?" he asked the man sitting next to him.  >  >"Yeah, I guess that was a kid," the pilot replied.  >  >"Was that a kid?" they wrote into a chat window on the monitor.  >  >Then, someone they didn't know answered, someone sitting in a military command center somewhere in the world who had observed their attack. "No. That was a dog," the person wrote.  >  >They reviewed the scene on video. A dog on two legs?
Thank you for this comment. It looks like a video game at a glance, but imagine a video game where you fire a single missile then spend the next 8 hours watching people pick up the body parts of their now-dead family.A 'game' where you fire on a truck but a few people survive. The courageous ones stay to pull their friends out and help them while others flee. The wounded and brave die first, cause you hit groups of people before individuals. After they're turned to bits you turn to the last survivor fleeing through the desert, seeing a hot trail in the IR that is his blood. It isn't "worth it" to strike him since you know he'll die so you spend the next 6 hours watching some poor bastard crawling through the desert slowly bleeding out, after he goes still you watch for another hour before being reassigned to another target.A 'game' where you fire a missile at a legitimate target, only to find out you had bad intel and blew up a police station or a school and killed a bunch of people, then you get to sit on station and watch the entire village show up and immediately get to work on clearing the rubble and it hits you -This isn't the first time they've had to clean up after an airstrike-A part of surveillance a lot of people don't know about is the BDA, battle damage assessment. Aka, did we blow the shit up? On many strikes surveillance will have been overhead for a long time. Eventually a strike craft like an F-15 will fly in, be on station for an hour or two, drop a bomb, then fuck off to another mission, but the surveillance remains. You get to watch what happens AFTER the strike, and that's the part that will haunt you.
I think you're point and Dottsterisk's support each other. Reading your (second-hand account, having myself no clinical knowledge of psychology) it seeks like your friend of a friend is saying the video game-like detachment actually complicates the trauma of killing people, innocent or otherwise. With huge abstract numbers instead of individuals I can imagine its almost impossible to actually process the experience if the trauma is virtually inflicted. It's almost like drone strikes are gas lighting the operators.
It's a bit beside the point anyway, because killing a guy who has a bomb and is actively attempting to murder people isn't an "assassination", it's self-defense. Extrajudicial murder of a guy with a drone-fired missile who's just chilling at home in his living room or out dancing at a wedding because you have some information that says he might have murdered some people (or might be planning to in the future), without even giving him a chance at a fair trial, is a much different scenario.
The need to police the police has been obvious for a long time.
The US has more people in prison than anywhere else on the globe. They're protecting interests, not "the free world."
That explanation doesn't really work. You could say the same about Iran's oil or Venezuela's oil or Russia's oil. The key difference there is that some countries are friendly to American corporate interests and hegemony, and some aren't.
I would still be sad about the dog!  :(
Via the constitution, Congress is the exclusive holder of the war power. Once Congress authorizes the conflict, the executive branch is free to designate military targets.
Like that shit is EVER going to happen.
Fix healthcare. Nobody should be $40,000 in debt for contracting a virus while they were forced with the decision to be a frontline worker or become homeless.
If this is the objective, focus needs to be on the Senate so citizens united can be legislated away.   That would be the most impactful blow to corporate influence in US politics at all levels.
While we're dreaming anyway, can I have a pony?
While Americans may be divided on many issues, curbing the political power of corporate actors is something that unifies voters across party lines
If you wanted corporate lobbyists dumped, one thing is clear: Biden was *not* your democratic primaries candidate.
Between Biden, Kamala, Pelosi and Schumer - that will never happen.  Those four have taken hundreds of millions over the years from lobbyistsjust like the republicansthis called Class Solidarity, and it's the only thing they truly unite around.
Fat chance of that ever happening on Biden's watch.The Democrats haven't been the party of FDR since Clinton was elected.
If you want that, you'll have to dump establishment politicians first.
Listen to the embedded podcast. Goes into detail on how we got here. Spoiler alert: it's all Mitch Mconnels fault.https://www.npr.org/podcasts/510311/embedded
Should have been Bernie in that case.
Voted Biden, he won't. Simply put, he just won't.
America is ran FOR the corporate world.Until the public can offer bigger bribes, this will always be the same.Corporate freedom is everything.
Lobbyists is one thing, but there are also the unelected positions that get brokered out to the forces of capital.
Despite our most sincere hopes to the contrary, Biden is an 80s Democrat, a wholly owned subsidiary of Corporate and Donor-class interests.
Will never happen if GOP support is required.
I think we need a national policy that's more coherent than "dump the corporate lobbyists." Lobbying is critical to governance, but lobbying ***as an industry*** is harmful. I was part of an impromptu lobbying group once, and while our representative didn't act on what we brought to him (and he was later voted out, in part because of his support for what we were lobbying against) we were absolutely engaging in the ideal of the American system.When political pressure becomes a commodity, though, that's when lobbying is problematic. The idea that the largest companies command not just attention to their causes but often write the bills that congresspeople propose, create lucrative jobs for them after they leave office, and get unequaled level of access to these representatives and senators is a serious problem.If we could remove the influence but retain the function of lobbying, then the system would operate as it was intended.
It used to be considered corruption. We need to go back to this standard.
People need to curb their expectations for Bidens presidency. Remember Obama's issues with the Senate and mcconnell, well that's only going to be worse. Biden can basically do 1 thing for his 4 years. That's how little political capital he has. If you want him to be able to do more you need to vote in the next two elections. If you want even more progressive policies you must also vote in record numbers in the primaries in 8 years and then vote again on record numbers to have them elected. That's the only way anything half way progressive will happen. It is a test for people's long term attention span.
You voted for this in the primaries, remember that. It didn't have to be like this.
If you want that, Bernie was a better chance.
Not gonna happen. Stop thinking Biden is a progressive or a liberal. Hes a conservative moderate who made a few concessions (which he likely won't follow through on) to get the progressive vote.
I have to say. I think people are going to be very disappointed with Biden if they think they voted for something more than "Not Trump."Like, really? Do you think this is the guy who will fix everything and bring real change? He is probably going to allow you to sleep at night, but I think that's it.
Biden is not going to do that, I knew this when I voted for him.Biden is a band-aid, he will stop the bleeding.  We'll see real progress if Americans continue to vote in large numbers.  It's the only way.
Are you guys delusional?Biden is a career politician, you think he's looking out for the little guy?
>  Of more interest, however, is that 54 percent of Republicans surveyed agreed that Biden should avoid appointing former corporate lobbyists and executives, with only 22 percent indicating otherwise.How much of that is Republicans wanting corporate money out of politics, and how much of it is them not wanting Biden to appoint any Democrats for anything?  I wonder how many of those same Republicans they asked, would have said it was smart if Trump appointed the same.
Unite?They wont even acknowledge he won.Biden needs to play by Republican rules or he will be devoured quickly.
never gonna happen. Glad they talking about it I guess.
There won't be any "uniting." FFS, people on the left can't stop lumping people in the center with the people on the right before hurling abuses and people on the right can't stop being stupid.If "you're" counting on one man to "unite" anything, i guarantee "you're" part of the problem. Gotta get in there and help.I swear, I'll never understand this tendency to think that the president is the single thing that changes everything. If people *really* want to change things, vote in more than the presidential election.
For every complex problem there is an answer that is clear, simple, and wrong.[**H. L. Mencken**](https://www.brainyquote.com/authors/h-l-mencken-quotes)
Lmaooo not happening we all know this
Drain the swamp 2 : Electric Boogaloo
**If Biden wants to** *SAVE* **the** *PLANET***, one thing is clear: Dump the corporate lobbyists.** FTFY. Time is running out. Big picture: They either get it right or 74,196,153 MAGA's will be knocking on the door in 2022. If we let MAGA back in, there won't be a second chance.  It's obvious we live with a broken system. It isn't about to fail, it is failing. The only chance we have is to excise the corruption and make democracy participatory and representative.1. Investigate and prosecute the Trump administration2. Overturn Citizens United3. Outlaw lobbyist and lobbying4. Introduce Term limits across the board.  Representing the people should be an honor and a privilege, not a lifelong grift.
> Democrats are not going to maintain the coalition they built in the 2020 election, let alone expand it, by appointing former corporate lobbyists and executives to key posts. Americans are divided on many things, but on the issue of corporate influence in government public opinion is clear, whatever elites in Washington may say: Biden should look to qualified public servants and experts, not titans of the corporate world, for positions in his administration.LOL, no.  The whole reason Biden was selected and pushed into office was to "appoint former corporate lobbyists and executives to key posts."  Does anyone doubt it?As this piece notes, this is the exact opposite of what Americans of all stripes actually want.
Biden has been a corporate shill his entire political career. That isn't going to magically stop just because he attained the presidency.
#RefillTheSwampI think Biden and Pelosi have demonstrated how interested they are in "unity" now that the election is over by floating such monstrous admin appointments as Neera Tanden and Rahm Emanuel
He doesn't want to unite the country. He wants to keep the corporate establishment in control. The *unity* push is a cover for establishment politics.SSDD.
If only there was another candidate that ran on dumping corporate funding.
He is president because of corporate lobbyists. Both sides have corporate lobbyists. They just fight back and forth.
**Nothing will fundamentally change**-*Joe Biden*
I voted for him because Trump is worse, but Joe "Comcast" Biden would never do anything to get money out of politics.  Without President Sanders or maybe future AOC big money will continue to own this country and the idiot masses will continue to cry about the poor being a drain while the wealthy siphon more and more.Good times.  I hate this place.
Nobody should be $40K in debt for contracting a virus PERIOD.
Pharmaceutical lobbyist dont want that though. Getting money out of politics would be a very effective way of persuading enough politicians to change the healthcare system
*Citizens United* was a constitutional interpretation of the First Amendment. To overturn *Citizens United* would require a constitutional amendment, not just a simple legislative act.
SuperPACs is only one part of the corruption scheme. It is suspected that most SuperPACs is receiving illegal donations after companies are negotiating a deal with the candidate before donating money to their SuperPAC. A lot of SuperPACs is also likely coordinating their efforts with the official campaign or even the candidate itself. There is also a lot of illegal activity conducted by some of these organizations in order to gain more votes. So there are plenty of things that needs to be done in the executive branch as well and not just the legislative branch.
Yeah it's almost as if Democrats missed their opportunity to do this immediately.Or they didn't care since they cater to many of the same corporate interests the right does.Edit: I should note that as a result of this thread I realized that Obama only had fully congressional 'control' if you will for a mere few months, not an entire year as I suspected.I don't think this proves that they would be willing to undertake it otherwise, but wanted to note the clarification given the response this comment received.
Is there really anything they can do about it? It's a Supreme Court ruling.
Amen.  Exactly this.  Citizens United needs to be overturned.  Any politician in DC, regardless of party, who doesn't discuss major, comprehensive campaign finance reform is corrupt.The fact that CFR was not discussed by any major candidates (other than Bernie) or part of any major debate was chilling and very disturbing.
How can Citizens United be legislated away?
>>If this is the objectiveIt's not. And we all know it's not.People who wanted this to be the objective had their candidate summarily ignored by media, sabotaged by the DNC, were told they're trying to destroy the party, and were encouraged to stop being unrealistic ideologues and just "vote for the lesser of two evils". Neolib Dems got what they wanted, and I think any Progressive would still prefer Biden to Trump, but people can't have their cake and eat it too.
Well you got a phoney for 50 someing days is that close enough?
And maintaining corporate hegemony is something that unifies politicians across party lines.
Yeah I'm super sure the conservative party that cheered the citizens United ruling also has a problem with corporations pouring money into politics.
Haha why do I feel like I'm going to hear that for the next 8 years until a republican president is elected and then it will be crickets from the right.
Sadly the Republicans in power are expert at sidestepping or reframing the issue so that their inaction and complicity are occluded enough to keep their supporters, who otherwise would mostly prefer just what you say, happy and voting.Edit: In fact both parties are pretty good at this but at a different scale of action.
That doesn't sound accurate at all.
lol ok, can I have a ticket on that fairy-land, make-believe express you're riding on? republican voters don't give a shit.  They ONLY ONLY ONLY care about abortion.  gun rights.  anti-gay/anti immigration. no taxes.  That's it.  They will vote for whichever devil preaches those things.  They don't give a flying fuck about curbing corporate influence on politics.
You are correct, he was not my choice in the primary.
"Guys, we're trying to court dug-in Republicans to switch sides on the aisle based on morality after they've already voted before for a clear POS.  Can you progressives just stay home and be quiet but still vote for us?" One week later, "We would've won / won more decisively if it weren't for progressives" 2016 and 2020 basically.
Needs to be higher up. So many people on here thing Biden is gonna come in and fix all the shit Trump did. He's not, he's just another corporate puppet.
That candidate wasn't on the ticket at all.
Lindsay Graham and Kamala doing a high five on her way into the Senate was enough for me. Disgusting. My kids will be paying for the 4 trillion dollar market bailout.
Hundreds of millions, huh? Got a source for that number?
Fat chance of that ever happening on anyone's watch. Our government officials are bought & paid for by corporate greed. Our politicians don't serve the people, they serve the billionaires that paid for them.America will never be "great again" until we completely remove corporate money from politics - which we all know will never happen. So what's the point, really?
Man, FDR wasn't FDR. He was born to multiple extremely wealthy, old-money families. The reason why he was able to make the accomplishments he did was because of the makeup of the Senate and House; the Senate was 62% Democrat, the House 72%.
Top down change is what the republicans wanted and got with Trump. When your ideals fail at the grassroots, you use the force of government. We have to start by kicking out the political class of careerists who treat politics as a job and a patriotic duty to make the country better. We should send more progressives out to congress and push AOC to form a progressive caucus that throws their weight around. State legislatures draw the districts. This is how things get gerrymandered when the democrats don't come out to vote for local elections. ALL elections are important. The right will be engaged in politics 24/7 and the left should too. "Go to sleep in a democracy and you wake up in a dictatorship." -  Otto Gritschneder
Biden/Harris are Corporatists. We don't have a political party that doesn't cater to big money donors.
This will likely have to be done from a grassroots approach, no singular executive could do this, not even Bernie. Solution: vote for state legislators that support this effort, and carry that to your Senate and House representatives.
Can Biden get rid of Biden? Time will tell....
But 2021 is gonna be completely different! Just kidding, it's gonna be more of the same and we're gonna see all of the chickens from the last 4 years coming home to roost.
It's about political pressure.FDR wouldn't have gone as far without it.
What do you mean, mister? Everything will be better now that Biden is president. Trump was the only problem USA and Americans ever had. Don't sin like that again please and bad mouth Mr. president elect and first and bestest female VP in history of the great nation that's never had a single problem before Trump ruined everything.
Well some breathless neoliberals will tell you he is the most progressive person since FDRBut he also is all about taking bribes from corporations, vetoing Medicare for all, and defending white supremacists
First off we need to win the Georgia run-offs. If we can take control of the Senate then the first 2 years of Biden's adminstration should be much more productive.
